ABBY: A major Broadway casting agent is coming to my studio. We can stop. CHRISTI: It's our annual Dance Company Showcase. ABBY: What is she doing? She changed the dance. KELLY: If she wanted to do a solo she should have just did it. Because none of us wanted to do the stupid dance, anyways. CASTING AGENT: Maddie is a star. Come with me, Maddie. CHRISTI: The whole Broadway casting agent thing was total bull . ABBY: Coming up on Dance Moms... We are going to Starpower. This is the last regional to qualify for their nationals. Oh, my God. My grandmother just got rushed to the hospital. My grandma got bad, overnight. I don't know if I should go. KELLY: Brooke's costume is awful. CATHY: Brooke is now wearing Vivi's top. I'm not happy. I don't want Brooke wearing the costume. My daughter is dancing in three minutes. And you're taking the costumer off of her back. -I know. It doesn't fit her! -Go back to your studio. You know what? I'm not. I'm here to stay, so like it. SINGER: ♪ Get up ♪ ♪ Get on the floor ♪ ♪ My world is with my girls ♪ ♪ Living on the dance floor ♪ I want to talk about this upcoming weekend. It's regionals. Everybody knows how important that is. We are going to Starpower. You know that's one of the toughest competitions out there. This week is make or break for nationals. We've worked for months to get to this point, right now. This is what's going to happen for this next weekend. Maddie, new solo. Brooke, new solo. Chloe, new solo. Now... HOLLY: Once again, here we are. Nia is never picked for a solo. I'm losing confidence in Abby because she doesn't believe in my kid. ABBY: The age categories are a little different, so we want to make sure that your dance is about you, a dancer now, not the beginning of the season. Every competition's age category is different. Usually, Chloe and Maddie end up in the same age group because they're only a year apart. But this time, at Starpower, Chloe is in the nine to eleven age category and Maddie is in the eight and under. Chloe deserves a chance to win without the shadow of Maddie hovering over her. We are doing a new group routine this weekend and everybody is in it, the entire cast. It is called "Where Have All the Children Gone." This is a routine about children who become missing. You've all seen the children's faces on the milk cartons. It's contemporary, it's mature, and it is very dark. You have to be great actresses to pull it off. And they're all in white, like they're angels. I don't want any discrepancies. I don't want any opinions. "Where Have All the Children Gone" is one of those routines that simple and clean, but it tells a story. It makes you think. And that's what people are looking for in an overall high score winning number. This is a big regionals for us, and I want them to do something that nobody's ever seen before. I want to change it up. And I don't think any of the moms would dare say anything to me. Moms, I'm going to go ahead and dismiss you now. We have lots of work to do. Girls, up. Let's get moving. Let's get moving. Come on. Let's go. Let's go. MAN : All the children once running around have evacuated. Where have all the children gone? ABBY: "Where Have All the Children Gone" is a very haunting, dark piece of music. When you're out of competition, the dancers that everybody's talking about the next day, or the pieces, are the ones that told the story. The kids that could act as well as dance, the choreographers that made you think about something, that made you feel something. And that's what "Where Have All the Children Gone" does to people. MAN : This is just a dream. The original concept is about children that have gone missing, so the kids on the milk carton, the kids in the news every night. But I put a little edge to it as to maybe there was some bullying involved and it was causing other children to commit suicide. That's what the story is about. MAN : We hope they're hiding. To be honest, I don't really know what the meaning of "Where Have All the Children Gone." But Miss Abby said we're giving the message to parents that this has still been happening and you should be safe. But it really like it. It's really cool and creepy and awesome. MAN : Where have all the children gone? I love dark stuff because I do dark stuff. And I even did a missing child thing. But I don't think that this is age appropriate for Mackenzie and Vivi, at all. I'm sorry. CHRISTI: I'm surprised. I'm surprised at this. Yeah. I'm not happy about that, at all. KELLY: It is very disturbing song. My kids are fine with it being dark music. I don't even think they really listen to the words of whether the costume or the music-- I mean, it's just, that's the art of it. CHRISTI: I really worry that this number may be too heavy for girls this age. It might be too depressing, not only for the audience but for the judges, as well. HOLLY: To me, it's about child abduction. Is a message that I know, for Nia, makes her very sad. And I'm a little uncomfortable with it. Come in close. Listen to me. You're dancing. You're doing steps. You're trying to listen to the words. You're not interpreting the story correctly. And this is very serious because maybe people in the audience have had a child that's gone missing, so you're going to touch somebody's heart. So this has to be a very serious routine. And right now you're just doing the steps. And we need to get past that, and we need to perform. Do you two understand? It's very serious. I am an artist. And when it comes to complicated choreography, the children who are the dancers, they need to become artists, as well. And I want to teach them to convey the story with their emotional execution, as well as their dance technique. CHRISTI: So guess what tomorrow is? Kelly's going to be 40! Lordy, lordy, look who's 40! I don't quite know how I feel turning 40. I mean, I'm excited. I think it's a new chapter of my life. But then, when I think about, it I think, oh, I'm so old. CHRISTI: I have something planned. We're going to go to your house. I'm going to bring some goodies and some cocktails and... -Aye, aye, -...no babies. I think that what you guys should do tomorrow is go get Botox. -Anybody who's 40-- -CHRISTI: Oh, I love it! Do I look that old? CATHY: Anybody--well, right here-- -anybody who's 40 needs to... -CHRISTI: Yes! -CATHY: ...start to think about that. -KELLY: How rude! CATHY: You could start to get it underneath here because it'll kind of, like... I don't know why Cathy is so insecure. It might be because she is older. I mean, I think--doing the math, I think Cathy may be old enough to be my mother. Well, I didn't think I was that bad. HOLLY: I like my wrinkles. They add character. KELLY: Good for you, Miss Holly. KELLY: I thought I liked myself, too, but obviously Cathy doesn't. CATHY: Kelly is 40 and fabulous, for sure. But she needs to start to really think about some high end maintenance. I'm only 34. Do you think I need it? CATHY: Oh, yes. Yes. That's where my personality happens, up here, because I'm always making faces at people. CATHY: And you know what? Nobody wants to have those frown lines. CATHY: Christie is a lot younger than all of us. And, honestly, she has furrows so deep in her brow that, honest to gosh, we could plant seeds in it and she could have a little bouquet there if we had to. You've got the opportunity to look better and look younger. -CHRISTI: Yeah, I agree. -Why not take advantage of it? I'm in. I think we should do it. MELISSA: No. They're doing gym. You know, I want-- I want Mackenzie to have fun. Excuse me. I'll be back. I was incredibly frustrated after chalkboard. I want the best for my daughter. I want her to shine and have the same opportunities as the rest of the girls. Once again, Nia has been passed over for a solo. And I'm angry, I'm frustrated, and I'm really disappointed. I'm really sick of it. -ABBY: I want group two. -Can we speak for one second? -ABBY: Okay. -Really quickly. How come Nia doesn't have a chance to do her solo? She's not being stretched. Because, as you said, like-- -the more exposure-- -Well, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. And the thing is, I don't want Nia to get to the point where she thinks, oh, I'm settling. Oh, it's good I only do two group numbers. All these moms want their kid to be in the spotlight, but it's just not that easy. It doesn't work that way. Not everybody can be in the spotlight. You have to have the talent. And some have it and some don't. I want her to feel successful. I want her to feel wanted. I want you in there with her private lessons. I told you that several weeks ago. It's the ballet technique. So it's over and over and over and Nia, come on! Wake up! What are you doing? HOLLY: And it's frustrating because she doesn't hear me. I feel like I'm not being heard, and she just gives me whatever answers that are hollow. They-they don't have any meaning to them. She's just trying to shut me up. ABBY: It's not about how many dances is this kid in and how many is that, and how much is this person paying and how much is that. Really, Holly, that has very little to do with it. I don't want you coming back in and saying... -I don't. -ABBY: ...you're too tough on her. -I don't. -ABBY: I want her to know-- duet, trio, is it worth doing the-- putting the time and the energy in. I want to see action. Words are lovely, but I want to see action. I want to see some type of commitment to Nia. Whatever will get her to that winning place is what-- -Okay. -Exactly. -That's what we need. -All right. Nia is a good dancer. But is she great? Not yet. These moms think that everything should be fair, but it's not fair. Life isn't fair. Every competition has different rules, different age categories, and I want to put the kids in that are going to win. KELLY: We're coming today to get injections for our wrinkles, because Cathy seemed to think that Christi and I needed some improvements. And since it was my 40th birthday, we decided that we would come and do it today. Here we go. Kind of--it looks like a dentist's office. -MOMS: Oh! -Well, I'm not a big fan -of the dentist, either. -Ew! I don't like the way it looks. - -Oh, my God. Look at those needles. Oh, I'm scared! Yeah, I'm very nervous. I'm afraid of side effects, like they say you can have droopy eyelid and things like that. And I'm just hoping that everything turns out okay. DOCTOR: Just take a deep breath. Relax. CHRISTI: This is where we needed cocktails. Kelly, you're so brave. Oh, Kelly. I'm nervous, guys! MELISSA: Oh, it's going to be easy. DOCTOR: Go ahead and frown. Frown, frown, frown. It's going to be three quick pinches. You okay? CATHY: That was quick! DOCTOR: Did it hurt? Not at lot, like a bee sting. Oh, in my face. okay. KELLY: If I could handle it... CHRISTI: Kelly went first. And as I'm watching her, I'm starting to panic because it looks very painful. They're going to stick needles in my face. I don't like needles in my arm, let alone in my face. She has tons of wrinkles for being only 34. -She really needs help. -KELLY: You have tons. I have these lines, here. I guess I scowl a lot and I raise my eyebrows. And, you know, it's just kind of part of my personality. But everybody always thinks I'm mad. I'm really not. So I guess I have mean eyes. DOCTOR: A little pinch. Ready? Right between the brows, here. KELLY: A lot of those wrinkles. Yeah. It's not too bad, huh? I can't believe how fast it is. I know. That's why people do it on their lunch hour. I'll be back tomorrow. It didn't really even hurt. I think it hurts more to get your ears pierced. I was happily surprised. So a couple little pricks and off we go. I'm afraid I'm losing my mind. -KELLY: Oh, that was great. -CHRISTI: How exciting! ABBY: Good morning, ladies. Everybody ready to go? This is regionals. You know how important it is. All of the experience the kids have had competing weekend after weekend is all leading up to this point. So we want to go to Providence, we want to put our best foot forward and come out on top. Today counts. ABBY: Sauté and coupé, chainés and push, push! For regionals, Maddie is doing a routine to the music "Beautiful." It's a lyrical, contemporary piece, turns, jumps, leaps, what she does best. Get off the floor on that coupé. MADDIE: I always win first too because I work really hard in classes. And I'm usually against, like, seven-year-olds. There's a lot of times when I get bumped up and I still get first place, so I don't really get worried. Every week you have a new routine. Yes? What do you think the judges are looking for? Technique. Right. And technique means all the hours you spend in ballet class, every plié, every relevé, you need to rely on your technique. Yes? Any questions? No? Anything you want to go over? It's good? Okay. See you on stage. Here we go! Scoot, scoot, scoot! ABBY: Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da. And a one, two, three, four and five and six and seven, eight... CHLOE: I'm doing a new solo this week called "Parlez Moi." And it's a little cute French dance and uses personality. And I really like it. One, two, three, four, five. I'm super nervous. This is a new solo, and I want to win first so that I can go to nationals. ABBY: Up, down, down. Up, up, down, down. Look at my baby girl! Hello! Baby! How's the baby girl? Hello! Did you get a haircut? I heard! Broadway Baby is my dog. Hello! Hello, hello, hello! She is the best thing in my life. She doesn't roll her eyes at me. She is wonderful, absolutely wonderful. All the way around, go. That's fine. KELLY: After we got Botox, Cathy and Christi and I went to have lunch down the street. -It was fun. -Mm-hmm. I feel bad that you didn't get it done, though. I didn't need it, girls. -But we sure did, didn't we, Cathy? -CATHY: You sure did, that's right. KELLY: Yeah. Never had any intentions of getting Botox until we met her. Yeah. But I can tell you right now, you are going to be junkies with it. -So you're good. -I better keep getting Botox. I don't want anybody to think I'm Chloe's grandma. - -CATHY: That's right. And with that nose of yours... Cathy kept telling me all the other cosmetic procedures I needed, like I needed a nose job. Thank you, Cathy. I'm quite comfortable with the way I look. She was acting like a junior high girl. And, you know, for somebody of that age, you'd think she would have grown up by now. Do you guys golf? -I used to be in a golf league. -Oh, my God. -What? -Oh, my God. What? My grandmother just got rushed to the hospital, again. During lunch, I got a text message that my grandmother was taken back to the hospital, again. CATHY: What's going on with her? Has she had problems? Yeah. She's 87 and she has, like, COPD -and congestive heart failure. -CATHY: Oh, God. I am very close to her, and I was very close to my grandfather, as well. So when you get that news it's not the same as somebody saying, like, oh, your grandmother is sick. It very much is--it's my mother. - -She'll be fine. Why is she like your mom? I don't have a good relationship with my mother. My mother had me when she was very young. And my grandparents were my parents, more or less. You may just have to go to her instead of your other obligations at the dance studio. Yeah. Going in the hospital is not uncommon for her. But something about this one felt a little different. But I got to run. I got to go. CHRISTI: My grandmother is sick and she's in the hospital. It's very hard. I'm very, very close with her. She's been the most important mother figure that I've had. She's amazing. Thanks for coming with me there, kiddo. CHLOE: No problem. CHRISTI: When I was a little girl, I dreamed of taking dance lessons. And I lived with my grandparents. I moved back and forth, on and off, and I really want Chloe to go to the house where I grew up in, where I danced on the lawn and I dreamed of having a life like she does. I'm excited to bring you here. This is the base. Yeah. My house is right here, but that's not what my house looked like. I used to make Jody, my little sister, do recitals in the front yard all the time. We used to go like this. Wait. You ready? Come in. And I used to go... I'm going to spin you out and spin you back in. My poor sister. And then I used to try to do this crazy lift. Here, jump up. You ready? Oh, we almost got it! Stop! You're showing the neighborhood my Spanx. Go ahead, get in the car. It's so important for me to have Chloe have an opportunity to shine and show what she can do, what she's worked hard for. And every competition is a chance for her to do that. Although I didn't have all those same opportunities that Chloe had, my grandparents were able to give me something that my mother didn't, and that was unconditional love. ABBY: Right, left, turn. Push! This week, for, regionals I'm doing a solo called "Supermodel." And it's an acrobatic and contortion number. ABBY: Don't run out of steam. Breathe. If I win regionals, then I qualify for nationals. And that's what we've been aiming for all season. SINGER: ♪ Supermodel ♪ You ran, you ran, and you stop. And you're like, ooh! Give me a hand. Give me a fish. Ooh! "Where Have All the Children Gone" is a very haunting, dark piece of music. And I love to use stuff like that. At some competitions you'll see a lot of dark things, and in others it's your typical upbeat, fun, tap, jazz whatever. So I try to get my kids to do everything. Ooh, like you're trying to grasp on to stay alive. We already know that they can jump and kick and leap and turn. That's not in question. But can they convey this story to the audience? A story which some of them don't even understand. Paige, figure where you're supposed to be. PAIGE: I think "Where Have All the Children Gone" could win because it's a good number. And we normally don't do scary numbers like that. We normally do more numbers with face and personality. Where have all the children gone? MELISSA: Happy birthday! -KELLY: Hello, Miss Holly. -HOLLY: Happy birthday. HOLLY: How does it feel to be 40? -Terrible. - It's my birthday this week. I'm turning 40. And Christi has invited herself to my house with the girls for a party. CHRISTI: Oh, cheers! Happy birthday! MOM: Oh, I love it! This is for you... and... Randy. If you eat candy off of Randy, I'm going to lose my . HOLLY: What's coming up next? CHRISTI: Melissa is, like, the dirty one in the group. She really is. And it was hysterical because everything she's pulling out of the bag, she was trying to slip behind the pillow and take home later. Kelly, look. Have you ever faked an orgasm? -No! -She's never had one. The moms always get along. You know, we argue, we fight. -I don't know about-- -MELISSA: I love it. CHRISTI: But I think this was a really good night for us because we kind of laughed. We put everything aside. We just enjoyed each other's company. -Oh, that's cute. -Cute. I had a great time. MELISSA: Cheers to the rest of season, girls, and I love you all. Cheers. -May we all come out survivors. -MELISSA: Yes. ABBY: How we doing, ladies? KELLY: Can you try to keep those straight up? Thanks. ABBY: Today we're on our way to Providence, Rhode Island, for Starpower Regional Competition. Providence is an hour outside of Boston, and wicked, wicked competition. And we hope to qualify all of our routines. Get your stuff, babe. I have got to get my stuff out the back. Okay? Chloe and I arrived at the dance studio to board the bus to get ready to go to Rhode Island. And I got a call from my cousin. And she had said overnight that my Gram had gotten worse, and she was now on a ventilator. What's going on? My grandma got bad overnight. She's not conscious, and they had to put her on a ventilator. I don't know if I should go. I can't imagine, you know, living my life without knowing my grandmother's here. Even if I don't see her or talk to her everyday, just knowing that she's there... I don't know. It gives me strength. And to think about her not being here anymore, you know, it just--it's very hard. I'm very, very close with her. You have to do what makes you feel good. I know. If you feel like you need to be here, then stay. Chloe will be fine. CHRISTI: At this point, I just don't know what I'm going to do. How am I supposed to choose between two people I love so much? If you feel like you need to be here, then stay. Chloe will be fine. I know. I know. BROOKE: Do you know how to French braid? MOM: I do. CHRISTI: I'm absolutely conflicted about what to do, if I should go on this dance trip, which at this point is so not my priority, or if I should go to the hospital. It's bad enough that it's going on, and now you're leaving. But I know what my grandmother would tell me to do. She would tell me to go get on the plane. KELLY: Yes, she would. My grandmother has been an incredible supporter of Chloe since day one. And my grandmother would have said, don't be ridiculous. You go get on that plane and do what you need to do for Chloe. You come back and see me. I'll be here. ABBY: Starpower is a big competition. The judges will be looking for technique, choreography, performance, costume. I feel great. I think we're very well prepared and we're ready to go. Can I have everybody gather up so I can talk to everybody? I want eye contact, here. There's people here from all over the place. And the reason is, this is the last regional to qualify for their nationals. So I need you to be on the A game today. You have a new solo today. I was going to have you dance in whatever the next age group is, nine to eleven. You've had a really easy year. You're on eight and under and you're eight. You're at the top of the age scale. Yes? Everybody else is at the bottom of their age scale. So we're to bump you up and put you on the youngest side, just so we see how it is. All right? I can't believe Abby bumped Maddie up into Chloe's age category. It's just typical Abby. She can't let Chloe just have her day. She always has to make it about Maddie. CHLOE: I really don't want Maddie bumped up into my age category. Because I feel like I have a better chance of winning first place if we were in separate categories. Okay. But we have to get ready. We have to get ready. Yes. Where is... Brooke's costume? Ew. MELISSA: That looks like Mackenzie would wear that. That... Brooke's costume is awful. It was hot pink, and it had red polka dots on it that were stickers. It was just terrible. I don't know how we're going to come up with another costume, but Brooke is not wearing this costume onstage. That is just ugly. Does it look like 13 to 15-year-old age? No. She looks like Pennywise the clown. ABBY: Do you mind if she tries it on? CATHY: Brooke gets handed her costume. It is probably the ugliest costume I have ever seen. And all eyes fall on Vivi's top. And all of a sudden, Brooke is now wearing Vivi's top. I like the top. Vivi finally gets a costume that is a custom made costume, and we have to now share. I'm not happy. ANNOUNCER: hip-hop nine to 11-year-olds. Dancer number two, put your hands together for . Break a leg. And I love your veil. You're so sassy. All right. Good luck, have fun! It's really important that they make my mom proud of me. And when I'm dancing, I always look for her in the audience. ANNOUNCER: It's the Musical Theater category, nine to eleven. Please welcome to the stage, Chloe, in "Parlez Moi." SINGER: CHRISTI: When I watch Chloe dance, it is such an amazing feeling for me. It's like magic. She is my little girl. I love her more than words can say. And when she's on stage, she's perfection. SINGER: MADDIE: "Beautiful" is kind of a difficult dance and I really like the challenges. And I'm not afraid of competing against older girls because I'm used to winning every dance I do. ANNOUNCER: Coming up right now, judges, is 27-A. 27-A, this is Maddie with a contemporary age nine. It's "Beautiful." CHRISTI: There's other kids on the team who have worked hard. And Abby should have left Maddie in her own age category. Because then Maddie could have done that category, Chloe could have done this one, Brooke could have done the next one. She moved Maddie up so that she would make sure that Chloe didn't win. SINGER: ♪ Didn't I, oh, didn't I tell you ♪ ♪ When you took me that far? ♪ SINGER: ♪ So beautiful ♪ ANNOUNCER: All right, folks, here's your top five. Here we go. In third place, entry number 24. MELISSA: The stakes are really high because this is regionals. And we have to do really well because this has to qualify us for nationals. Ladies and gentlemen, by less than one point separates second from first. Second place, entry number 25. That's Chloe from Abby Lee Miller. And, ladies and gentlemen, your Power Division nine to eleven soloist and they win the check, the plaque, your winner will be... Maddie Ziegler with "Beautiful." CHRISTI: Maddie beat Chloe by half a point. They shouldn't have even been competing against one another. I mean, this is kind of getting ridiculous. Chloe's constantly being set up to lose. It's not fair. CHLOE: I don't think it's fair that I didn't get first. I lost by half a point. CHRISTI: She's at least able to compete at nationals. Tell everybody your name one more time. -Maddie. -ANNOUNCER: And what studio? Abby Lee Dance Company. And who was your choreographer? MADDIE: Abby Lee. ANNOUNCER: Girls, guys, take them out! MELISSA: Maddie won first place for her solo. She's definitely going to nationals. Let's get some glitter. HOLLY: You're going to put glitter and get glitter on Cathy's costumer? KELLY: Oh, screw Cathy. -I ain't afraid of her. -HOLLY: Ooh. How did it go? CATHY: It was good, but you know what... I--I thought about it and I really don't want Paige--Paige-- what's your kid's name? -Brooke. -Move, please. I don't want Brooke wearing the costume. I'm sorry. I just--I thought about it and I saw you over here floundering the way you were sewing that. And it's not going to look the same tomorrow and we just need to come up with something else. Whatever, Brooke. Take the costume off. You know what, Cathy? If you don't want to be part of our group... -CATHY: You know-- -...don't come to our studio. CATHY: Kelly, it has nothing to do with-- -Get the costume off. -CATHY: It has nothing to do -with being part of your group. -My daughter is dancing in three minutes. -Well, I'm sorry. -You're taking the costume off. I know, but it's ridiculous that you guys aren't prepared. Whatever, Cathy. Come here. Come back here, Kelly. We need to talk. -Leave our studio. -I don't need to leave your studio. My daughter has to go on stage. CATHY: I think we need to talk. Cathy is way out of line coming up to me three numbers before my daughter is going on stage and having her take her costume off. And I think it's . It's ridiculous. I never saw such disorganization in all my life. KELLY: Yeah. Well, it isn't my disorganization, is it? -CATHY: Well, you know what? -But it'll hurt my daughter. You know what? I think that from now on when Abby insists on ridiculousness like this, that you stand up for yourself. Go back to your studio! You know what? I'm not. I'm here to stay, so like it. My daughter has to go on stage. -I think we need to talk. -No. Cathy is definitely not a team player. She's just looking out for herself and her daughter. You're doing it to show Abby something, -and my daughter gets hurt. -No, I'm not. I'm not doing it to show Abby anything. -Whatever, Cathy. -CATHY: It's just that I haven't come and asked you for costumes. -How did we even-- -No. But everybody else. That's what we do as a group, Cathy. CATHY: How did we even come to that? KELLY: We always share costumes. I mean, that's what a group is about. CATHY: They haven't had a new costume... -Whatever. -...the way everybody else has. Well, why didn't you tell me this earlier so I could have got my costume from Maddie. Kelly how many new costumes have you had? -It doesn't matter. -Go back to your studio! CATHY: You know what? I'm not. -I'm here to stay so like it. -KELLY: Yeah. -Yeah, I don't. -CATHY: Okay. -KELLY: Neither does anybody else. -CATHY: Well, that's your problem. That's your problem. You need to like it. Well, here's your costume and you can sew it yourself. Hire one of your sewing ladies to sew it. Well, I intend to. She ripped the costume off of her, and she had the audacity to throw it at me. My daughter is going to dance in her leotard and tights, and I'd like to have one of your kids from your studio -out there dancing against her. -Well, you know something? -Because I can guarantee you... -You know what? -...she will beat their ass... -Oh, I doubt it. -...wearing a leotard. -I doubt it. -Watch. -I doubt it. -Let's go. -I doubt it. Your kids all have sickle feet, and it blows my mind. Because that's all you hear is, sickle feet, sickle feet, sickle feet. And they all have them. Let's bring your studio to a competition we go to. -CATHY: Bring it on. Bring it on. -Bring it on, Cathy. Do not let it upset you. Okay? You look fine. You don't need a costume to win. The costume looked nothing like what Vivi's was going to look like tomorrow for the duet. It was a totally different look. She just didn't want Brooke to wear the costume. I just think it was totally wrong, and very unfair to my daughter. And I did not appreciate it. ANNOUNCER: From Acro/Gymnastics category, 12 to 14... BROOKE: I'm not really mad at Cathy. I wish you just would have told me I wasn't allowed to wear it earlier because she took it off like two numbers before I went onstage. So I was really nervous and, like, didn't know what the judges were going to think. Because I'm supposed to be a supermodel and I was wearing, like, a crop top and booty shorts. SINGER: ♪ Tonight I look like something ♪ ♪ Right out of a magazine ♪ ♪ And everybody stares when I step up on the scene ♪ ♪ I'm looking like a supermodel, a supermodel ♪ ♪ I'm looking like a supermodel, a supermodel ♪ Work it girl! SINGER: ♪ And I love to get all the attention ♪ She almost fell. SINGER: ♪ Tonight I look like something ♪ ♪ Right out of a magazine ♪ SINGER: ♪ I'm looking like a supermodel, a supermodel ♪ ♪ I'm looking like a supermodel ♪ ♪ A supermodel, a supermodel ♪ BROOKE: There was so much drama going on backstage that I think it kind of messed up my dance a little bit because I was so nervous. -Good job, Brookie! -MELISSA: You did great, honey. CHRISTI: You did great. KELLY: Brooke went on stage, she did fine. I think Brooke dances well enough that she doesn't need rhinestones and costumes. -CHRISTI: You did great. -HOLLY: Aw. Why are you crying? Because Cathy just got me so pissed off. And, you know, you did-- went out, you did great. Great. CATHY: This morning, when we walked into our dressing rooms, I had no idea where my costume was. Where's your mom? Because I need my top. Last night I told Kelly that she had to fix Vivi's costume since she tore it to pieces. And she was still working on sewing the rhinestones on. -MELISSA: If you want to put your-- -CATHY: Vivi dances at 10:22. CATHY: And I'm not-- I'm not like you guys. I don't run to the stage after her with a darning needle. I will have it ready. But I'm not like you, who takes it from the kid five minutes before they go onstage. Maybe that's when I should give you yours. CATHY: I'm a lot more prepared than you are. So, Brooke, did you do well last night? Oh, congratulations, Brooke. I'm sorry. Oh, she got sixth. Ooh. Yeah. Brooke won sixth place not because of the costume. Because there were five other girls that were better than her. All right, Cathy, here's your costume. I hope the rhinestones give your daughter some luck. I hate Cathy. I ended up fixing Vivi's costume. You couldn't tell I had touched it, at all. Cathy just needs to keep her mouth shut. Have you heard anything about your grandma? No. And, you know, I'm kind of looking at it like, -you know, no news is good news. -Yeah. I can't allow myself to think like, you know, that she's mortal and that someday she's not going to be here. -I mean, I-- -Yeah. I mean, she is, what, 80... -She's 87. -Seven. -She's getting up there. -CHRISTI: But I need her. -KELLY: I know. -Like, she's my mom. Like, I need her. I'm not ready not to have my mom. Let me see if I can call her. Aunt Jackie? -AUNT JACKIE : Hi. -Hi. What's going on with Gram? AUNT JACKIE : She is doing much better in fact. She is off of the ventilator. She has been moved out of ICU. All good news so far. Oh, good. AUNT JACKIE : Yeah, she's asking for you. Aw. I'll be there. I'll be there tomorrow. AUNT JACKIE : Sure. I know you will, sweetie. CHRISTI: My grandmother's condition has improved, significantly. And I feel so much better. I feel so relieved. And now I know that I made the right decision on coming to the competition with Chloe. I would try to leave early tomorrow. I'm going to go. I'm going to go as soon as I can. - I'm so relieved. -KELLY: I know. Give me a hug. Don't worry about it. Up! Inside. Today's group number is "Where Have All the Children Gone?" It is a dark topic that has to do with children that have gone missing. Choreographically, there is an edginess to it and it's very subtle. So I don't even know if the judges will see all of that happening. MAN : ...flesh of their sons and daughters. Where have all the children gone? HOLLY: I think artistically it's a beautiful piece. -Yeah. -HOLLY: But it's pretty somber to see a child choking themselves. I am always a big believer that Abby always has a strategy in mind that she doesn't share with everybody else. She's the expert, I'm not. And that's what we're paying her to do, and I have to trust that she knows what she's doing. It's jarring. I don't know. It's just plain creepy. It is a little creepy because it's death. HOLLY: It's death and it's violent. CHRISTI: I'm not really sure about "Where Have All the Children Gone?" It's really dark. I mean, we have little kids on stage handling an issue that's-- that's too dark for most adults. I don't think Abby wants to hear anything we have to say. No, please. If we tell her that we're disturbed, she'll shabby chokey us. HOLLY: I know, exactly. ABBY: It's a heavy topic. I know that. But I'm trying to challenge them to emotionally execute the concept along with their dancing. ANNOUNCER: Okay. Please welcome to the stage, "Where Have All the Children Gone?" MAN : The creaking silence of age echoes through the streets. Sounds like old wooden floors under heavy feet. All of the children, once running around, have evacuated. Or maybe they just disappeared. Where have all the children gone? Just yesterday they were tying ribbons in trees and swinging from the branches. Maybe this is just a dream. Maybe they're sleeping in rooms filled with metal shelves. If we put our ears to those shelves, where have all the children gone? But we know this is really happening. Where have all the children gone? HOLLY: The dance was amazing, although disturbing. I'm glad my child was a part of that. It really did stretch her, as a dancer. ABBY: I don't think that anyone would say it's too heavy and too mature. Now maybe some of the moms thought that, but once again, I'm not out to please the moms. I'm out to please the judges. ANNOUNCER: We're going to find out the 11 and under highest scoring routine of the day. If we were at nationals, this would be your 11 and under Victory Cup winner. Ladies and gentlemen, the highest scoring routine of the day went to... entry number 250, "Where Have All the Children Gone?" Congratulations, guys, all of you. Congratulations goes to you. CHRISTI: I questioned the dance from the beginning, but Abby was right. She pulled it off. ANNOUNCER: Good job! Take a bow! Thank you, girls! MELISSA: Our girls did qualify for nationals, so we are going to nationals. ABBY: There were over 280 acts, and they were first, the highest scoring number in the entire competition. I knew this would be a risk, but it was definitely a risk I was willing to take. It made everybody stop and pay attention to my dancers. I'm Abby Lee Miller. That's what I do. Congratulations! - -Aren't you guys so excited? Oh, I'm so proud of all of you! The girls won the top award that you could win, and they deserved it. Things are looking really good for nationals. Now I have a better idea of what we're going to take. We just need to figure out how we're going to get that swing there. But this isn't the end. It's only the beginning. We have a long road before we get to nationals. ABBY: All right. I'm think... Can we go to the mall now? -Yes. I think you can go to the mall now. -Yes! ABBY: They think things are tough now, but just wait. Things are about to get a lot tougher. Let's go.
