ABBY: We are going to-- GIRLS: Starpower!
Maddie, you have one number to dance and that's it.
You're going to deal with it.
Be a grownup.
ABBY: Nia missed a big glissade.
I corrected her over and over, and she still did it wrong.
I want her in Afro.
Do you have one?
HOLLY: Oh, just like she's the token Black kid.
ABBY: I did not say that.
But for $250 bucks a month, go somewhere else.
Think closely about your words.
ABBY: Coming up on Dance Moms-- Well, here we are at Starpower in Orlando.
Where's Cathy?
Where's Vivi-Anne?
We're--we're getting off the party train.
Well, you're a quitter.
WOMAN: Hi!
We heard so much about you.
Good luck.
SINGER: ♪ Get up ♪ ♪ Get on the floor ♪ ♪ My world is with my girls, living on the dance floor ♪ ABBY: This week we're starting on the road.
We have a long road before we get to nationals.
Careful.
ABBY: Here we are, at Starpower in Orlando.
It's, like, their toughest competition.
These people do not mess around.
I'm so glad to be at a dance studio.
You have no idea.
Girls, let's go!
Come on!
All right.
Where's Cathy?
Where's Vivi-Anne?
MELISSA: Don't know.
The first thing I noticed, no Cathy, No Vivi-Anne, no show.
Right now I am at the end of my rope with Cathy.
KELLY: It doesn't surprise me at all that Cathy's not here for assignments.
You know, she picks and chooses what she wants to come to.
ABBY: Mackenzie, now, you and Vivi-Anne are supposed to have a duet, but no Vivi.
So you might be doing "Summer" by yourself.
Chloe, you're going to take a week off.
I'm not going to do a new solo for you.
I think you need to work on your technique.
CHLOE: I would have been okay if Miss Abby would have picked another week for me to work on technical stuff.
But I don't think it was really that fair, because I was the only one.
And this was, like, kind of a big week.
I was happy with fourth place.
Your mother was not.
And I don't think you were, either.
CHRISTI: I'm shocked that Chloe's on the bottom.
I thought Chloe was fabulous.
Abby needs to remember that she has a problem with me, she needs to take it up with me and not punish my nine-year-old.
ABBY: Nia-- HOLLY: After Nia performed "Laquifa" in Connecticut, I am not surprised at all that she's in the bottom row.
Actually, I think it's a good thing that the judges did not find "Laquifa" to be exceptional.
I think kudos to them.
I was happy with you.
Your mother is not happy with the choreography, so we're going to work on that.
Mom, I don't want any more altercations like Connecticut.
It was a conversation.
I don't want any more conversations like Connecticut.
HOLLY: An altercation-- I think of it as being something that's really threatening.
And my conversation, just calling her on issues of accountability, is not anything of an altercation.
It's a conversation.
ABBY: Maddie, you won.
It was great.
Costume was gorgeous.
Everything clicked.
I just don't want to see tears.
You're at the top of the age scale.
You did a beautiful job.
You did the title.
This is your year.
Maddie has been on this winning streak, and she just wins everywhere we go.
So, hopefully, she can repeat her performance from Connecticut and win another title here.
Let's talk about the group number for this week's competition.
The number is called "Snapshot.
You're all models.
So who's modeled before?
You've all modeled.
Perfect.
So, now, you know what the runway is.
What else is at a fashion show?
A photographer.
I've got a lot to think about over the last 24 hours, and I think we need to bring a boy in to be the photographer.
-What do you think?
-Brooke?
WOMAN: Yes.
ABBY: I have a surprise for all of you, a big surprise.
Here's our photographer.
It's Brandon!
NIA: He looks so weird!
BROOKE: Brandon and I used to like each other a couple of years ago, but it never really went anywhere.
Is he here?
Brandon!
DANCE MOM: No!
ABBY: Diane?
ABBY: I brought Brandon in because he's a good looking guy.
He's very masculine on stage, which all of my boys are.
I pride myself on that.
And he's getting to the point where he's old enough and strong enough to do overhead lifts.
GIRL: Hi, Diane.
Come stand in the line.
My name is Diane.
Brandon has been one of Abby's best answers for years.
Abby told me she needed a boy to spice up one of her numbers, and that's why we're here.
KELLY: Brandon and Brooke got paired up as duet partners.
They used to do great together, and then they started liking each other and dating.
Once they started dating, they lost that connection in their dancing.
Because I think they were, like, embarrassed of each other.
Brooke, Brandon, you used to have a duet.
Well, guess what?
You're going to be doing some partner work.
Brandon, you're not used to this pace that we've been on.
You have four days to pull this number together.
It's not about laying in the sun.
It's not about riding a ride.
It's about the dancing.
Everybody, five minutes to warm up and then choreography.
Let's go.
SINGER: ♪ Shiny lipgloss photo shoot ♪ ♪ Dress me up in peek-a-boo ♪ ABBY: Chin up high when you face upstage.
CHRISTI: Welcome to our world.
And home away from home.
Oh, God.
I cannot believe we're in Orlando and I'm sitting in a...
-I know.
-...damn dance studio.
ABBY: I'd rather her do a tumble flat grand jeté instead of the trick.
"Snapshot" is our number.
It's about models and a photographer, and the relationship grows from there.
I felt that the chemistry between Brooke and Brandon would be good.
I think they used to have a little fling at the studio.
All right, Holly, it wasn't an altercation.
It was a conversation.
-Oh, you're too funny.
-It wasn't.
I'm just sick and tired of her always making something more dramatic than what it is.
It was a conversation.
I'm not a person that has altercations with people.
CHRISTI: Wait.
I got to tell you-- ABBY: Pointing foot's turned in, Nia.
Stay on that outside, Brooke.
Chloe, when you arch back, square your shoulders off even.
And then she's making Chloe feel bad like, oh, no solo for you this week.
We have to work on your technique.
I was happy with fourth place, but your mother wasn't.
-HOLLY: I know.
-I never said that.
I can't stand it.
DIANE: I'm sitting around with these moms and I'm thinking, what the hell did I get myself into.
The surest way that you will be at the bottom of the pyramid is if you speak up for anything about your child.
-CHRISTI: Yeah.
-HOLLY: You will go to the bottom.
Like, Chloe didn't deserve to be at the bottom of the pyramid.
MELISSA: No, not at all.
-GIANNA: In a line.
In a line.
In a line.
-It's ahead, straight ahead.
ABBY: That was nothing.
That was silly.
Passé, get that leg up.
Sloppy arms.
You two aren't even looking at each other.
Come on!
-DIANE: I wonder if she's nice.
-They better connect.
KELLY: Brooke and Brandon are acting really weird during the group number, doing their partnering.
I think, personally, that they both still like each other.
That's why they're acting that way.
Brandon, when I say the word I want chemistry between you, what does that mean?
I mean, you have to have, like, emotion between each other and just the passion that you would feel something.
Right.
Like, this girl makes your heart stop.
Yes.
What does it mean to you?
Same thing.
She's talking about Brandon and Brooke having the chemistry.
I don't know if you have that much chemistry.
No.
ABBY: And how are we going to get that in four days?
You're getting older.
You need to step up to the plate and bring the performance.
DIANE: She's said you're getting older, step up to the plate.
Well, 13 isn't old enough to have that kind of chemistry.
Now do the arch back.
And look back at him, and slide slowly down.
Ooh, lovely.
I think some of the moves in "Snapshot" were a little risque.
I mean, I felt like I was watching Dirty Dancing.
Both of you need to use your stomachs and engage.
Go.
Watching Brooke and Brandon in rehearsal is like waiting for paste to get sticky.
Chaine out.
There's nothing happening, nothing.
Kelly, Diane, come down here for a minute.
I need to talk to you.
DANCE MOM: Ha, ha!
ABBY: You guys take five.
Brooke, Brandon, come on over here.
Kelly, Diane!
-DANCE MOM: We're coming!
-ABBY: I need to see you.
Come on down!
DANCE MOM: We have to walk there.
ABBY: Brooke, you and Brandon are carrying this number.
So I need chemistry.
I need something.
And, if you two wouldn't mind, I'm gonna send 'em on a date.
Oh.
But you two need to butt out of it.
Don't get a table for four.
Get a table for two and another table for two you.
You let them do their own thing.
BROOKE: Brandon and I never even really dated.
We just liked each other and hung out all the time.
I've never even really been on a real date before.
ABBY: Holly, come on down!
I told you I wanted you to come in on the private.
Here I am.
ABBY: Come on in.
Have a seat right here.
HOLLY: After I requested that dance be put into the routine, Abby made it very clear that I had to be a part of that rehearsal.
ABBY: Do it again.
Soutenu.
Don't--don't rush.
Plié.
Use your stomach.
Do you see how she bobbles all over the place?
She doesn't engage her abdominals.
I made Holly come in and watch the rehearsal, because she does not have a clue that that kid cannot correct herself.
Got it?
You're on, kid.
SINGER: Face.
Elbows lifted.
HOLLY: I love it when Nia has an opportunity to demonstrate her talents individually.
I'm not sure, however, that I would have picked another ethnic dance for Nia.
This leg has to be over your head.
Stretch this foot.
Ooh, stretch it.
HOLLY: I think Abby is definitely making a statement.
I think she's setting Nia up for failure, to be quite honest, because I asked for it.
I demanded it.
Go!
HOLLY: And Abby's going to give it back to me tenfold, by putting Nia in a situation where she is almost at the impossible level of being able to pull off a dance of that magnitude.
ABBY: No?
Is that hard?
-Yeah.
-ABBY: Hmm.
I just don't understand with parents why these bombs don't get that I want everyone to win.
ABBY: It's been two days since anyone's heard from Cathy.
In all my years of teaching dance, I have never had a dancer not show up.
-CATHY : Hello?
-Hello, Cathy.
This is Abby.
Do you think you could come to my room?
CATHY: Sure.
Come on.
CATHY: Is this my last rites before execution?
ABBY: Yes.
I've had it.
If you don't want to be part of the team, don't be part of the team.
CATHY: That's ridiculous, Abby, because-- -...No, it's not.
-CATHY: ...stuff happens.
You flew all the way here and I'm pulling that duet.
End of story.
If you don't want to be part of the team, don't be part of the team.
You flew all the way here and I'm pulling that duet.
End of story.
That's ridiculous, Abby, because...
-No, it's not.
-...stuff happens.
CATHY: I have a lot going on back home.
I was preparing my students for a competition that they're going to, and at that particular moment they were my top priority.
So, you're going to hurt Mackenzie then.
You're hurting Mackenzie.
I didn't hurt Mackenzie.
I was there.
I had music, I had costumes, I was prepared.
-But you're making-- -You didn't show up.
But you are making the ultimate decision.
I have to set an example for the rest of the team.
If it's okay for you not to show up to the meeting, then it's okay for everybody not show for the meeting.
CATHY: Abby is not happy with me and she wants to set an example of me.
She wants to make sure that the other moms are seeing what happens if you defy the great Abby.
-ABBY: Well-- -It's a big mistake.
-You're not a team player.
-Well, then I'm not a team player.
KELLY: Abby told Brooke and Brandon that they had to go and make a connection.
So Diane and I took Brandon and Brooke to the Fun Spot.
BROOKE: I haven't seen Brandon in a while, and now we're on a date.
And it's really weird.
That looks fun.
DIANE: Would you ride that?
-BRANDON: Will I ride that?
-Yeah.
I'll ride that.
How about we meet you in an hour?
BROOKE: I think Brandon wanted to spend some time alone, so he told our parents to go.
Oh, my God!
Was that fun?
Yeah.
Well, that means I can drive you around when I get my license, right?
I won't try to crash like I did in that.
I'll die.
So I can't believe you're here.
-I know.
-I'm so excited!
I know.
I missed you.
It's been weird.
It's just dance.
That's all that matters, dance.
Yeah.
But if you're at the dance studio, you're with Christi.
If you're going somewhere, you're with Christi.
Kelly has been my best friend for a long time, and it's been difficult because she's hanging out with Abby and these crazy dance moms all the time.
So I don't see her very often anymore.
I'm home every day.
You know what, Kelly?
I call.
You don't answer.
You know, it's just easier for me to stay away from there.
I just stay away.
KELLY: You know, Chloe is in Paige's age category, so like, our classes are always at the same time.
And-- DIANE: Yup.
What do you think about Abby sending us here?
She's weird.
I mean, but you can understand where she's coming from, though.
Right?
No.
If Brandon thinks anything's going to happen between us on this date, he's crazy.
All she wants us to do is just have, like she was saying, chemistry or whatever.
I think Brooke's excited that Brandon's here.
-Yeah.
-KELLY: I do.
Hopefully, they can connect doing their duet.
Oh, my God.
I still think they like each other.
Miss Abby told me and Brooke that we have to go and build chemistry.
But, hey, we're doing the best we can.
-What do you think happened?
-BROOKE: I don't know.
Can't we talk about something else?
Like, look how high that roller coaster is.
See?
Look.
Look.
Look.
Look.
I think Brandon likes me, but I've moved on.
I'm not really the same person I was when I was nine years old.
Let's go ride a ride or find our moms.
-Whatever.
-Go find our mamas.
This week my is "Universe.
Each week I compete, it gives me another chance to win another title.
MADDIE: Sometimes I feel a little pressure, but I'm a perfectionist.
My mom always tells me that, and she said I keep trying until I win.
And that's what I've been doing for a long time.
My dream is to continue dancing forever.
I want to be a professional dancer on Broadway.
There's nothing else I ever do except for dance.
SINGER: ♪ Hiding in my heart don't know where...
♪ HOLLY: When we're on the road, away from Abby's studio, we have to rehearse any time and any place.
Holly, are you working again?
HOLLY: Well, actually, I'm not doing work-work.
I'm trying to help Nia.
I'm writing things down on this notebook, my official notebook of Abby's corrections.
-Your dance notebook.
-HOLLY: My dance notebook.
When I signed up for dance, I expected a dance teacher to do this.
But, since a dance teacher is not doing it, I have to step in and I have to give her whatever I can give as an educator to help her.
I'm so out of my element.
This is not what I'm used to doing.
So my soutenu plié is written down here somewhere.
It's like you're speaking Chinese over there.
Legs should be together.
ABBY: Eww, that's sloppy.
This week I'm not Dr.
Holly, I'm not Principal Holly, I'm Dance Mom Holly.
You're in Holly's Boot Camp.
You're funny, Holly.
ABBY: We're here at Starpower in sunny, muggy, hot Orlando, and they have a pageant.
Every one of you have been registered.
We don't know who's going to qualify.
So right now we're all going to rehearse as if you made it.
And then whoever makes it will be ready.
Brooke, stand up.
Go ahead upstage.
Look at her walk.
Look at her walk.
Eh!
I'm going to show her.
Turn, catch that end judge.
MACKENZIE: Abby doesn't look like a model to me.
ABBY: Mackenzie, tell me your favorite acrobatic trick.
- -Look down.
Nia, tell us the heritage of your name.
May I please ask you what that word means?
ABBY: I don't think any of my students are great at the whole pageant thing.
We spent so much time on technique, that I never really get a lot of time to do the interview skills.
If you get up on stage and you freeze or you stutter, you're going to look like an idiot in front of all those people.
The most important thing is that you do not panic.
Pull your thoughts together, take a deep breath, and answer the question.
Does everyone understand?
- -We are adjourned.
Go find your mothers and start working on this interview.
MELISSA: I've been trying to get ahold of Cathy for two days now.
I really want to know where she and Vivi are.
Hello.
CATHY: So, what's been going on?
Hello.
So what's been going on?
So, Abby pulled the duet because you didn't come to chalkboard and you weren't at rehearsals.
And Mackenzie was so upset.
Well, I'm sorry for Mackenzie, but I missed my flight.
And we're doing the same choreography, so I don't think it's a big deal.
But wasn't that two days ago...
-CATHY: Yeah.
So, when was chalkboard?
-...that you missed your flight?
-CATHY: Two days ago?
-Two days ago.
So where have you been the last two days?
I don't think it's a big deal.
I missed my flight.
Two days ago!
Ho I think it is a big deal because we always -have to be there.
-You know what?
It's the same choreography over and over and over, so I am over it.
And it doesn't affect you guys.
-KELLY: But it does affect us.
-It does affect us.
KELLY: 'Cause we're a group.
'Cause we have to show up, regardless.
But you're not in the duet.
Right?
You're not in the duet.
Here we go again as a group.
Okay, you guys are not in the duet.
It's between Melissa and I.
And if Melissa and I have to discuss it with Abby, then we will.
-But you know what?
-CATHY: I understand this whole-- We're in this room and it's a team.
-Yeah.
But you're not in-- -HOLLY: You don't get to dictate what-- We were here the last two days, Mackenzie being upset because she didn't get to do a duet.
CATHY: Okay.
Then maybe you guys should have donned your tights and got on stage with her.
Because I get so sick and tired of hearing you guys-- it's a team.
It's a group.
It's a team.
It's a group.
Yet, Vivi is not really in any of your numbers.
And I don't classify sitting on a swing being in part of your numbers.
So, I'm not on your team.
-I'm not your friend.
-DANCE MOM: Why are you even yakking?
That dance won twice over all, both times we did it.
-CATHY: You know what?
-MELISSA: At nationals.
And the only reason your daughter was on the swing was because she couldn't do with the other kids were doing.
Well, she's also six years old, Kelly.
Well, you said she isn't in our dances.
We put her in.
Why am I even arguing with you?
I don't care what you have to say.
-Okay.
-I have a comment.
Then if you don't care what I have to say-- HOLLY: I don't care what you have to say.
Then you need to be quiet.
-Because this has nothing to do with you.
-No one tells me what to do, Cathy.
You may as well stick your hand up her butt and beat her ventriloquist.
Well, then do something about it.
HOLLY: I'm frustrated for Melissa, because she is not sticking up for herself.
I don't believe in being a doormat.
It's frustrating to see other people be doormats.
But if Melissa wants to be a doormat and have people walk all over her, so be it.
I am done.
Even though Abby pulled a duet and the duet didn't dance, I'm here right now to support your teams.
That's all that matters.
Come on, Vivi, let's go.
Thank you very much, Cathy.
-MELISSA: Right?
-CATHY: I'm here for the awards.
-HOLLY: Thank you.
-KELLY: Oh, yay.
-Don't bother next time.
-HOLLY: Your presence is noted.
Thank you.
ABBY: I love Florida, so I bought a house in Orlando.
Come on in!
Hello!
I had the kids and the moms come on out to my house to enjoy a day at the pool and have lunch.
My mom, the one and only Maryen Lorrain, is home.
-DANCE MOM: Hi.
-Hey.
ABBY: My mom is a gracious lady to everybody in the world but me.
Grab a plate on that end.
Go through the line.
Take your food.
ABBY: I understand that Cathy's busy, but like, you invite someone to your house, she could at least call me and tell me she wasn't coming.
Who's going in?
-I have no idea how to make a martini.
-Oh, just pour some in there.
Ah!
I love the big watermelon game.
KELLY: You got the biggest watermelon you could find.
CHRISTI: Oh, my!
Okay.
Just go.
You put grease all over the watermelon and you throw them in the pool.
ABBY: The goal of the game is to grab the watermelon and get out of the pool with the watermelon in your hands.
They fight like cats and dogs trying to hold on, and it keeps slipping out.
Come on!
Come on, girls!
Pull it!
CHRISTI: It's amazing.
We go to Abby's house, and the kids aren't allowed to be kids.
It has to be turned into a competition.
ABBY: Get it!
Get it!
Get it!
Get it!
HOLLY: Now the watermelon just hit her there.
-MELISSA: Maddie got it.
-ABBY: Run!
-Run!
-CHRISTI: Ew.
HOLLY: That looks like a disaster waiting to happen.
Where do I go?
ABBY: You got to get up the steps without holding it.
HOLLY: Why don't you just all walk up together?
MELISSA: She's fine.
Just leave her alone.
HOLLY: All of a sudden, Maddie starts to cry.
And she says that she was somehow injured.
But, from my vantage point, I'm looking at the game.
Maddie was not kicked.
What happened?
Tell me.
Mom, I think Nia or someone hit me.
Okay, then stay away from it because it's ridiculous.
You're a girl.
You're not a boy.
MELISSA: Nia's pretty rough, but Maddie does not like getting rough at all.
ABBY: Winner!
MELISSA: Come on.
It's all swollen.
CHRISTI: Maddie cried because she didn't win.
She didn't win the stupid watermelon game.
Somebody else got three seconds of glory in front of four moms.
You hurt me, look.
MELISSA: We're freaking girls, not boys.
HOLLY: The child was not injured.
Melissa needs to get a better balance on how to deal with these situations.
GIANNA: Shoulders down.
Too tense.
MELISSA: We're really excited that there's more competition in Orlando, especially for Maddie.
Because it's going to challenge her a little bit.
And, you know, she's very competitive, but she likes when there's a challenge.
GIANNA: Up and over.
Hold.
MELISSA: While Maddie was rehearsing, there was a little girl practicing as well, about 10 feet away from her.
Her name is Juliana and we've seen her at other competitions a lot of people think that Juliana is Maddie's big competition.
Don't get me wrong.
She's a sweet girl and a great little dancer, but Maddie has no competition.
GIANNA: Do you want to grab a drink and go get your costume and everything?
-Sure.
-GIANNA: okay.
Let's go get a drink.
Juliana is probably the toughest competitor here.
And I think she's a really good dancer.
But I think I have a good chance of beating her.
You have to talk to them.
-Here's Maddie right here.
-MELISSA: Hold on Do you want to meet her?
Just go up to her.
WOMAN: Hi.
We've heard so much about you.
Hi.
I'm Melissa.
So you're tiny like my Maddie.
Are you a good tumbler?
Yes.
MELISSA: Well, Mackenzie is a good tumbler too.
And does it really matter who wins or does it really matter who has fun?
That's right.
What's the answer?
I don't care if I don't win.
MELISSA: Good luck.
It was so nice meeting you.
-Nice to meet you, too.
Good luck.
-Oh, thank you.
-Good luck to you, honey.
-Thank you.
Maddie, good luck, -Maddie.
-Good luck.
ABBY: Maddie was the only one who qualified for the pageant.
I would expect nothing less from her.
-ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentleman...
- MADDIE: Today I'm doing my solo for the pageant.
And I'm kind of nervous because my rival, Juliana, is also competing against me.
SINGER: ♪ There's a secret hiding in my hear ♪ ♪ Don't know where it ends or where it starts ♪ ♪ Though I haven't any clue ♪ ♪ And there's nothing I can do ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'm so in love with you ♪ MELISSA: Normally we don't have a titled pageant at any competition that we've ever gone to.
This is something new that we've seen here, and it was kind of exciting.
ANNOUNCER: And now please welcome back, performing to "Listener.
MADDIE: I know that when I dance I'm a winner.
And I don't let the competition get to me.
But now it's the interview part in the pageant and I'm super nervous.
GIANNA: You've been in the pageant for a long time.
You know how to do this.
Some of them have probably never spoken in front of judges before.
Right?
-Mm-hmm.
-Just stop it.
JULIANA: Hi.
My name is Juliana.
I'm from Saddle River, New Jersey.
I'm so honored to be here tonight.
I'd like to thank my mom for supporting me in all I do.
Starpower, thank you so much for this opportunity.
Good evening, ladies, gentlemen, and judges.
My name is Maddie.
I am eight years old, and I'm from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
I hope you enjoyed my--eve-- my performance this evening.
Thank you.
She did good, didn't she?
She walked gorgeous.
Did she speak well?
She did speak perfect.
Aw!
MADDIE: Juliana is a good speaker and she didn't mess up once.
And I kind of mumbled once or twice.
So I'm not sure if I'm going to win or not.
Ladies and gentlemen, our first runner up with an outstanding score, Juliana.
ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentleman, your winner tonight, Maddie!
Maddie, congratulations to you.
Good job.
Who's your teacher?
Abby Lee Miller.
Congratulations.
ABBY: Let's go.
Come on.
You ready, Nia?
Brandon, Brooke, what's going on over there?
You both look miserable.
You should draw the judge's eyes over to you.
That's the choreography.
If they look over and see vanilla paste drying, they're not going to keep looking over.
It's obvious that Brooke and Brandon are not having the connection.
Abby's not happy about it, but she should have expected this.
This is why we didn't do a duet last year.
BRANDON: With the dance, I've been trying to connect with Brooke the whole week.
But she's been pretty cold towards me.
BRANDON: We do the turns one time.
Turn.
Strong arms, Brooke.
Your hands are so lazy.
It's the only thing I'm worried about, when she's sliding down.
-You cut me.
-Shut up.
You're fine.
It's a belt.
GIRLS: One, two, three-- model it!
SINGER: ♪ Shiny lipgloss photo shoot ♪ ♪ Dress me up in peek-a-boo ♪ ♪ I don't think so ♪ ♪ Make pretend, twist and bend the camera lens ♪ ♪ Come on, let's go ♪ ♪ We'll Photoshop with air brush strokes ♪ ♪ We'll join the dots with dirty jokes ♪ ♪ We'll show what we've got ♪ ♪ A shameless mannequin ♪ ♪ Pink petals hide her sins ♪ ABBY: I'm watching "Snapshot.
It was a mess.
Brooke's legs were bent.
Her feet weren't pointed.
It was just the technique, you know?
Hit or miss.
KELLY: Brooke and Brandon were supposed to be falling in love, and I thought they couldn't be any more disconnected.
-MELISSA: Good job!
-HOLLY: Oh, girls!
You were so good.
HOLLY: You were so good.
ABBY: Girls, come on.
I want to get you in the dressing room and talk about this down there.
Let's go.
Brandon can't be with you till we get downstairs.
No.
We have to leave.
We have to leave.
DIANE: The group number was a disaster.
Brandon and I don't have time to stick around for this.
I know Abby is going to be looking for a fall guy, and Brandon is going to be it.
Four place champion is number 679, from Stepping out.
Second place champion is "Fly to Your Heart," Next Generation, number 645.
Champion of today in our small division will be...
"About That Walk...
We missed it.
ABBY: "Snapshot" did not even place in the top 10, and that's unheard of for this group.
This is like, the dream team.
We are rehearsing Nia's solo.
I want Nia to put her Bollywood costume on.
Holly's always upset because Nia doesn't have enough time to learn things.
Come on.
I--you know what?
Let me just have her rehearse.
Get over it, you know, man up.
Get over it.
Learn the number, go out there, sell it.
And, you know, quit giving in to that.
I just think that she's weaker instead of stronger.
Are the feet flexed or pointed?
See, you can't decide once you get there.
Arms straighter!
Bigger!
Bigger!
Bigger!
Give me something!
You're, like, at a funeral.
HOLLY: Nia's name is screamed out constantly.
ABBY: Nia!
Boom!
Hip!
It's in a nasty, barking way.
It's really mean.
ABBY: Do it.
Kick.
See, this is--this step-- Yeah, but she's getting frustrated now.
That kick--kick, catch has been in every one of your dances.
So that should be perfect.
HOLLY: If you hear it one way, I think she's feeling it another way.
-'Cause it's-- -ABBY: Yeah.
But, Holly, we're right back to the same thing.
I don't need to be here doing this with her.
Holly has to stop questioning my every move.
It's always this little underlying dig, like Nia's not good enough.
Nia's not tall enough.
Nia's not skinny enough.
Nia's not this enough.
Get over it.
Trust me.
As a teacher, we give them the tools, we do our job.
It's up to them to go out in the world and use them.
I disagree with that.
If I need to wipe her butt all the way there, that's ridiculous.
It's vicious at times.
And sometimes I don't think Abby realizes the way that she says things, and how hurtful her words are.
And I'm not asking you to wipe her butt.
I'm asking you to do your job.
When you talk to Maddie and you're giving her corrections, you're not barking at her and yelling at her.
Wrong!
How many times did I tell you this?
Time and time again.
You never talk to her that way.
Because I have to tell her once.
I don't know what Holly's problem is this week.
But she said to me, you're just barking orders at her.
You're just barking at her, which was like calling me a dog, which I do not appreciate.
Go out there, flex, point, do what you're supposed to do.
-And we'll see if the judges like it.
-Thank you.
What's wrong?
It's okay.
I'm sorry.
HOLLY: When you talk to Maddie, you're not barking at her.
'Cause I have to tell her once.
What's wrong?
It's okay.
MELISSA: Deep breath.
Come on.
You're our rock, honey.
CHRISTI: I've spent a lot of time with Holly.
I have never seen her get emotional.
She's a stone mountain, and she was crying her heart out.
Because when it's your daughter it hurts.
HOLLY: I was okay until I saw her sitting there and she's upset.
I know.
I never thought I would let dance get to me.
I know.
I think Holly finally stepped back from that educator's stance and she became a mother.
And she saw what I go through every week.
All of a sudden it just hit me.
Like, I have allowed it to get to this point.
And I felt bad.
-Like, I feel so responsible.
-I know.
But how many times do you apologize?
-I subjected her to this.
-I know.
I subjected her to Abby.
And Abby doesn't get it.
I'm like-- Wipe your tears.
We can't go out there looking like this because we have-- we have to go out there and look intimidating.
So that's why we have to be dressed up.
Goodbye.
HOLLY: Bye, Nia.
Bye, girls.
CHRISTI: By, Hol.
Bye.
Okay.
How you doing, okay?
You know the dance?
Mm-hmm.
I love you.
I'm feeling better right now after having a conversation with Christi for a little bit and checking in with Nia, who unfortunately was giving me the support I'm supposed to be giving her.
So I felt bad about that.
I'm supposed to be the person who's supposed to be her rock, and I fell apart.
Let's go.
Let's go.
ANNOUNCER: Please welcome to the stage Nia.
HOLLY: I'm in the audience when Nia comes out.
I'm thinking of all the corrections that she needs to made.
She's either going to do the corrections and forget the routine or she's going to do the routine and not do the corrections.
Her little head, her brain, can hold but so much information.
SINGER: HOLLY: She did a great job.
She should be really proud of herself.
I was happy with her.
I was thrilled, actually.
I think she might be next.
ANNOUNCER: We have some special awards to give away.
Here we go.
Nine to 11 Full Floor.
With a 441-A, Nia with "Bollywood," for her stars and first place trophy.
Nine to 11 Hip Hop, number 442, Tessa-- ABBY: Nia was first place in her category, and that hasn't happened all season.
I was really proud of her.
She looked beautiful.
She did a great job.
I think Nia has really come a long way.
HOLLY: You won!
I knew you could do it.
You're so awesome.
So "Laquifa" didn't win, but Nia did.
I am so happy.
I'm thrilled.
Yes!
What do we think, girls?
We have had an amazing competition season.
The Dream Team has been doing so well.
Maddie is undefeated with her solos.
So I have a little more news.
I think your mothers are going to fall off their chairs.
Oh, God.
What?
We're going from here to Vegas, to Los Angeles, California, and to Lake Tahoe.
I'm not gonna fall off my chair.
I'm gonna shoot myself.
And you better be the overall high scorer.
Do you understand?
I don't think the moms are so excited.
We're doing a world tour.
It's ridiculous.
-No moms!
No moms!
-KELLY: We'll hang at the pool while you have the kids.
No moms!
No moms!
Come on.
Help me out here.
CATHY: This is not possible for us.
We did not bargain for this kind of travel.
I've got committed things happening at home for my dance studio, so it's not possible.
We're not doing it.
ABBY: You don't look very happy.
Okay, well, we're not going to go to Las Vegas.
Okay.
We're getting off the party train.
We just are not going to be able to-- -to accommodate this.
-ABBY: And there's nobody-- like, your mom can't just bring her or-- No.
No.
And you know that Vivi's not going to go with anybody but me anyhow.
So-- I thought maybe your mom.
Yeah.
No, she's not going to do that.
Just not gonna work for us.
Hey, everyone's replaceable.
You know that.
Yep, even dance teachers.
If I'm going to go on tour, I'm going to go on tour with my students who are winning platinums.
I respect you as a teacher.
I think you're wonderful.
I'm not going to Vegas.
Well, you're a quitter.
Whatever.
ABBY: It's the people that you just bend over backwards for, you give the opportunity to, you don't stick to your rules, and this is how it turns out.
