Vivi-Anne, you're going to do a solo in the competition this weekend. Vivi was uncomfortable with the solo that we worked on, so we are going to go ahead and do a piece that she already knows. KELLY: Brooke's hip has been bothering her, so I decided to take her to a chiropractor. I really don't think that it's a good thing for her to be competing this week. We have to. - -Why are you crying now? ABBY: Coming up on Dance Moms... Since we're in Pittsburgh this weekend, I'm going to give every single one of you a solo. Did you know Maddie's doing two solos? She has double the chance of winning. KELLY: Maddie had a lot of practice, but not all of us have private lesson time slots. ABBY: That has happened to me in 25 years. It's humiliating. CHRISTI: I am so fed up with the BS. -Get out of here now. -Let's go. She is holding a national title and I will take it away in a minute. That bitch. SINGER: ♪Get up♪ ♪Get on the floor ♪ ♪My world is with my girls♪ ♪Living on the dance floor ♪ ABBY: Let's talk about Starbound Competition. Can we have round of applause? -Whoo-hoo. - Okay, so Brooke, you blew them away. The people sitting around me were in awe when you did your handstand twist. But why all the drama with the hip? Hmm? If you are seriously injured, you don't need to go to your mother and get everybody worked up. You come to me, and that needs to be clear, yes? Abby's comment about Brooke crying about her, had been complaining that it hurt, I thought was crazy. If Brooke's hurt, she should come to me. If she didn't complain about it and we didn't put ice and stuff on it, she probably wouldn't have been able to perform the dance. I want to talk about this week's competition. This week's competition is Onstage New York, right here in our hometown, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. This is one competition where we cannot have anything go wrong. All of my peers will be here. All of my competitors will be here. All of my enemies will be here. Do you see there's somebody new on top? Yes. Brooke, you are here because of your performance. You worked through an injury. You did what you had to do. You were a team player. It feels good to be on top of the pyramid, but I don't really care. Like, it doesn't matter to me whether I'm on the bottom or the top. You are getting a solo this weekend. All right, Chloe, Maddie, you are also getting solos this weekend. The bottom row, what am I supposed to do with you four? You need to step it up. You need to get your butts back in the class and start working on your technique. And you know what? Since we're in Pittsburgh this weekend, I'm going to give every single one of you a solo. CATHY: I wasn't clapping because I knew that we were going to have to do the bee dance. She has not mastered that solo yet, and I know that Vivi is very uncomfortable with new choreography. Moms, it's going to be a busy week. I expect them to be amazing. Do you understand? Yes? Sit up straight. Ladies, let's go. Competing locally in Pittsburgh is always important. It's a big deal because my name and my reputation are on the line. So we have a lot of work to do. It's like you're dancing out of control a little bit. You need to bring it down. Yes. And if everything's big, then nothing's big. This week, each girl has a solo to perform. Solos are very difficult because there's nobody to hide behind out there on stage. It's all about you. I love solo work. I love the one on one work with the student. I think every child grows from doing a solo. Watch all the way on that heel on that jete. ABBY: This week, Maddie is doing two solos, one to the music Cry, which she competed several weeks ago, and the other is a new tap routine. MADDIE: I love having a solo, and I think I do the best when I'm dancing alone. I'm going to put the music on and I want to see you do it, okay? CATHY: Stick your butt out. Push hard. Kick it up. Get it up. I am not happy with Vivi doing this "Bumblebee" dance this week. So being a dance teacher, I just kind of took it upon myself to say, hey, you know, let's get together in a little room and let's rehearse the dance. But she doesn't want to jump on to a new dance. I don't want to. Come here. -Don't want to anymore. - Don't be mad at me. You make me keep doing this. -What? -Don't want to dance anymore. All right, don't be upset. Don't be upset. Okay, don't be upset. All right, let's do it again. ABBY: Up to your shoulders. More turn onto the passe. Easy. Do that again. Stand up. Paige's solos is primarily jazz with a few gymnastic tumbling passes. Those are good feet. Good. PAIGE: This is my first time doing a solo, and I'm really scared 'cause I'm going to be out on stage all by myself. Get in forced arch. Good girl. It's scarier when you're alone because if you mess up on stage, you don't really have anyone to look at or anything. ABBY: Come on. Slide on that Jete. Point your feet. Legs together. Posture. WOMAN: Iced tea, no lemon. And this one a regular Pepsi. That's me. CHRISTI: is a place that we can go and just kind of get out of that dance jail. This time, we invited Cathy to come along because she's new to the group and we wanted to feel like, you know, we were including her and things. So what did you guys think of the competition this weekend? It was far away, too far away. I mean, we sat there. At least we got to go home. You're right, I did. All right, guys, -we will see you later. -Are you leaving? -Yes, we're leaving. - We all came here early to watch her. Yeah, that wasn't fair. Well, you know what? This is how I feel about that, ladies. We're in this for a different reason and we don't need to have a jury section, and we probably will be leaving at the competitions. I'm sorry. That's upsetting for us because I think we all care -about the kids and those dancers. -Yeah. Yeah. I--and if you don't want us to be cheerleaders, that's fine, but I like supporting the other kids. When you say, "I like that," that's you're like. It's not my like. I don't want to be a part of the team. I don't want to have to be a cheerleader. When Vivi's done dancing, I want to go home and go about my business. You know, I'm looking at the clock when I'm sitting there and I'm thinking of all of the things that I could be doing-- shopping, even. This is just not working well with me. I like you guys, but I don't want to be your cheerleaders. Oh, my God, are you driving? ABBY: Contestant number blank, Brooke. Brooke is sticking to her forte. She will be doing a contortion acrobatic routine. Cool. Straight knee, front. Breathe. I like to dance, but I like to hang out with my friends more, and boys. Nia, what's going on with your legs? Oh, yes, I'm brutally honest. I have to be. That leg, yes? Do it again. That final product onstage is what all the hours of training are about. This is my job. This is what I do. I don't know why you're leaning in the heels, but go ahead. NIA: Abby pushes us to work harder every single day that we see her. Why are you so sloppy? Why is that foot hanging on the ground? Come on. Well, she always helps me, because with her reminding me to point and straighten my legs, one day, I'm going to be a star like that. ABBY: Jump. ABBY: Smile, bigger. Wiggle. Move to the back. Come on, think. People think I'm tough. They think I'm mean. But I worry about these kids like they're my own children. What are you doing? I just forgot. ABBY: What? You forgot? But you have to keep going. You can't just quit dancing. All right, start again. Suck it up. I don't want to see those tears. MACKENZIE: I love dancing, but I don't want to go on Broadway. All I want to do is just... stay home and eat chips. ABBY: Back leg higher. Turn it out. Slow down. You know, I appreciate all of the camaraderie and everything, but I'm going to tell you point blank. I think the different system-- and this is probably going to offend you, Christi-- but I think the difference system-- I am Abby's colleague, no matter how you slice and dice it. I'm her colleague. You are a dance mom. I'm fine with Cathy's feelings and how she feels about her studio and the moms. I think she's really a sweet person and she was just being honest. Abby's making a ton of money off of me, ladies. She's making a ton of money off of all of us. Well, she's probably making a lot more off of me because I'm probably getting charged double. KELLY: I think Cathy's crazy. After the things she said today, she needs to take her butt back to Ohio where she came from. CATHY: We're just on a different-- we're just on a different page, Vivi and I. We're part of the group, but we're not part of the group. I have to be true to myself and I have to be true to the people that I'm around. You either like me or you don't like me, I guess, and I don't really care if these moms like me or not. I like all of you, but we are not in it for all of that cheerleading. I love your necklace. Hi, guys. Hi, honey, how are you? -Okay, Maddie. -Hello. How's everything going? I have a new solo this week and it's called "Mother." -You okay, honey? -Yeah. I think my biggest competition is probably Maddie because she's a very good dancer. People have told me that I'm a good dancer. ABBY: Shouldering, shouldering. More . Maddie gets two solos because she takes a standing private lesson in tap, all year from September to June, once a week, and there's where she learns her tap routine. Then her other solo is just like all the other kids. More eye contact with the judges. Get in their face, Maddie. WOMAN: I'll go look for another bow for you. Did you know Maddie's doing two solos? KELLY: No. Melissa just sat here and said that Maddie is doing two solos this weekend. KELLY: And Whose idea was that, hers or Abby's? They probably got together over, you know, lunch and talked about it. No one has a chance in hell of winning against Maddie. She's doing two solos. She has double the chance of winning against anyone else. I can't even get rehearsal time for one. You know, I haven't even heard my kid's music yet. How do you practice your dance without music? Well, Melissa's in charge of music. Isn't that ironic? Yeah. She always finds a way to get an edge, always. It's solos week. Everybody should have one solo. I am so aggravated. -CATHY: Hi, girl. -MELISSA: Hello. Everybody was so mad because I wasn't on the bus. I mean, I'm fine with it. My daughter just like to be with her friends. Okay, Vivi, I need you for rehearsal. Let's go, sweetheart. I went into the den to see who was next for rehearsal and there was Vivi-Anne, no mom. I would so love for us to do something. -You would love my girlfriends. -Yeah. Come on over here. Last week, Cathy went behind my back. She let Vivi do an old routine that she had known. That's not the point. That's not how we're learning to pick up quickly. So this week, I made sure I pulled that kid out of the dressing room, I put that bumblebee costume on her. I had her run that routine over and over and over so that that mother could not change it. Oh, that fits you beautifully. I don't like makeup and costumes. SINGER: ♪ Tastes so sweet from head to feet ♪ ♪ You now that's something that can't be beat ♪ -I'll let you get back to work. -Okay, thank you. Bye. Sashay. Sauté. Oh, what do we have on? ABBY: Point, point. CATHY: If she is insistent that Vivi have to do this "Bumblebee" dance, I will certainly reimburse her for her time and we may not even be at the competition. Do you want to see? I would love to see. It's your time to show mom that you can do this. She doesn't have any faith in you. Cathy underestimates Vivi-Anne. She does not push her. I think owning a studio, she does not want it to be all about her daughter. She does not want to lose customers. But in the process, the child isn't where she should be, technically, and that's why she's bringing her to me. And that's my job and that's what I'm going to do. She just needs to butt out. Good girl. Oh, ye of little faith. The situation with Cathy is very bizarre. Cathy really wants nothing to do with the ALDC team. She really doesn't. I need you to be a role model. You're a dance teacher. You know how important it is to get these mothers to do-- Abby, I cannot ride a bus, if this is where this is going. The attitude that I'm too good for the bus, no, that has to stop. I can't do these field trips, I'm sorry. But that's part of the team. -You want her to be-- -I can't. Then let her go by herself. -Okay. Okay. -That's fine. Vivi comes with me, that's fine. -Oh, no, no, no, no, no. -You don't have to go. We're not going to do that either. I don't like not being in control. I'm being told what I have to do, where I have to go, and this is just not sitting well with me. But we want to arrive together as a team. Why do we have to do that? Are we part of the Olympics? Cathy, why are you here? You're here to be part of the Abby Lee Dance Company, but you don't want to play the game. I know, I don't. This is how I feel, Abby. They should be focused on themselves and we'll be focused on ourselves. ABBY: I know, but that's selfish and I'm not trying to raise selfish children. We live in America. I feel like I'm in jail that I have to jump on a bus and ride with everybody like I'm an elementary student. I set my rules. If you don't like them, go somewhere else. I don't care. We're doing your solo this week. I'm very pleased with what I saw. The costume is just as hideous as I thought it was. -Sorry. Sorry. -Why would you say that to me? Why would I create a hideous costume? I'm sorry. Okay, I got to go. So we're going to get the address to meet you at the venue this weekend and all is good. You're going to go look up the address. -Okay. -And we'll meet you. CHRISTI: Well, go ahead. You guys can start eating. I know everybody's starving. I decided to have all the moms over for lunch because I thought that it was important that we come together as a group and talk about Cathy and sort of what her intentions were at our studio. All right, girls, I asked you to come over here because I think we need to talk about Cathy. If she's going to benefit from being a member of the team, then she needs to get her ass on the bus. She needs to stay and support my kid -at 9 o'clock at night. -HOLLY: All the kids. If we have to abide by Abby's rules, everyone has to abide by Abby's rules. Because if you start making exceptions to the rules, then why have rules? Exactly. MELISSA: I understood the concern of the other mothers. I kind of feel caught in the middle because I really like Cathy a lot. I guess the other issue is to level the playing field. Would you be willing to pull one of Maddie's solos? I don't know about that. I have to talk to Maddie about that. Christi asked me to pull one of Maddie's solos. I thought it was very inappropriate. Maddie gets two solos because she has a tap private, so she has a tap solo every year and then Abby just gives her an extra solo. I don't see why wouldn't be fair for my daughter doing two solos. I don't think I would do that because I don't think you guys would do that. I did do it. -I did it this year. Yes, I did. -This year? I did it at DEA. I could have had Chloe compete and didn't. Why not? Because Paige and Nia deserved a chance to shine. I have to think about that. I have to talk to my daughter about that. What would be your reasons for not doing it? Because I'm not going to hurt my daughter. Maddie, by far, is one of the strongest dancers. There's no question about that. There's no need for her to have two solos to prove that she's a really strong dancer. We know that. If you looked at it from our perspective, you would be upset if Chloe were doing two solos and Maddie only had a chance to do one. I would not. If another mom had their child in two solos, I would never go to that mom and ask them to pull one of their daughter's solos. It's really none of my business what their daughter is doing. I have to worry about my children, not their children. It's coming very cutthroat and I don't think it needs to be that way. I don't want to discuss it. DANCE INSTRUCTOR: One, two... ABBY: We've only got one day left to get all these numbers together for Onstage. The girls are ready. I have complete faith in them. I would never send them out on stage if they weren't ready. Hello, how are you? MELISSA: How are you? Ready for another day. MELISSA: I'm cutting your music. Dance is so expensive, so I do work for Abby at the studio. I do the costumes, the music. I work at the desk. Hi, girls. -Hello. -MELISSA: I have your music. The pages I can't seem to get. Music. Where's my music? Music's always getting lost at the studio. I mean, I don't have music yet. Every day this week I checked in to see if Paige's music was cut. It was the night before the competition and Paige still hadn't heard the music. All right, well if Abby comes out at all, can you just tell her that I need to talk to her? Yes. ABBY: Go. Good, Nic. Push. When we don't have music to rehearse to, we have to use counts, like five, six, seven, eight. But it's not as fun when we don't have music. CHRISTI: Now we're doing acro? HOLLY: Yes, can you believe it? We are supposed to be competing new solos, and she needs to get these kids who are dancing this weekend to rehearse their solos. -It's 7:30. -HOLLY: I know. It's the night before our competition. Ooh, that was scary, Kennedy. Straighten your legs. I'm in the middle of teaching an acrobatic class. The mothers were not confident in their children, which saddens me. I have more faith in their kids than they do. They want that kid to practice, practice, practice on their solos that they're going to get on stage and do for two minutes and 30 seconds instead of learning how to dance. Then they could learn a combination like that and then get on stage and perform it. So obviously, she's not going to perform very well when she's the youngest age in the category and she has no music. And she hasn't had any super secret privates. Exactly. CHRISTI: I absolutely think that Maddie got more time than anybody. She got those extra rehearsal times in there. ABBY: Good. I work really hard, and that sometimes makes me tired, but that doesn't stop me from dancing. When are we going to start running dances and get started? ABBY: Get that weight into your left shoulder. I think everybody's ready to do their solos. Paige does not have her music, but her solo looks great. You know what, guys? This is ridiculous. I'm going down and getting Paige and telling her to run her solo with Emma. Good. And then pull Brooke in after, and then put Nia in, and I'll bring up the rear. -I like that attitude. -KELLY: Ridiculous. Melissa, can I have Paige's music? It's downloading. It's been downloading for 14 minutes. KELLY: I mean, Paige is 10. She needs to run her dance to her music. And it was Friday night, 8 o'clock, and I still had no music for Paige, and we were competing the next morning. This wireless is so slow. Still three minutes. God. Everything is always so last minute. -She's teaching acro. -MELISSA: I don't know. KELLY: And since when do we do a five-hour acro class the night before competition? Hiding in there doing an acro class. -MELISSA: Who's hiding? -CHRISTI: Abby, because she knows that our kids need to rehearse. My daughter rehearsed with her private today with Matt. CHRISTI: But at least she got to rehearse. Well, I have a standing private every week, so. I'm still waiting for Paige's music. You guys don't realize what I do for your kids. -I mean, I work. -No one's saying you don't do for the kids, but we also know that there are things that our kids don't benefit from, either. Because I mean, just throwing the cards on the table. Typically, when there's a conflict or a confrontation, Melissa has a tendency to deflect. Melissa always has something else that she's willing to talk about that's not the topic that she wants to talk about. And when we go to competitions, Gianna is like your own personal helper. But she would do anything for any of the kids -because she loves the girls. -But she doesn't. She only does it for Maddie. The point is we need our kids out of that room and in B, running their dances. Please. I just feel that the moms don't like me because my daughter is a great dancer and they kind of hold that against me. They don't realize what I do behind the scenes. If they didn't have me at the studio, things wouldn't get done. It's just how they are. They're just little bitches. Her music's ready. I'm so sick of this. I'm sick of them saying, oh, it's all about Maddie. -It's all about Maddie. -What's-- Maddie's in class. -They all want to learn their solos. -ABBY: No. MELISSA: I work my ass off for these mothers and all they do is bitch at me. This is it for me. I'm sick of them. These mothers are going to be the death of me. I run their daughter's numbers between classes. They just need to trust me and let me do my job. Are they going to be able to continue running their solos with you, Abby? ABBY: Maddie had a half hour private with Matt her tap teacher today. Chloe came in today. Emma worked with her. But she's learning a whole new dance. All the moms are like in a tizzy because they don't have their solo rehearsal time. They don't have the right solo music. Like, Chloe learned a new routine, and her mother's, oh my God. She's the only one that has a new routine, new routine. BS. There's no way that because she ran it twice to new music that she's going to be able to compete on Saturday. I'm worried about that. Everybody in town is going to this particular competition, so I want my best foot forward. They need to have faith in their daughters and faith in my training. I didn't just fall off the turnip truck, you know. I've been doing this for 25 years. Is this preparation for an audition? Yes. Is this good for all of them? Absolutely. All right. Still not rehearsing. Come on, girls, let's go. MELISSA: It's competition day and we're going to the local competition called Onstage New York. Where's Kenz? Hi, Brookie. These are important because the more of these local competitions Abby's kids win, the better for her because she might get more kids from this. Come on, get a seat. The judges of Onstage New York are tough. They are going to be looking at choreography, technique, precision, performance, and then costume. KELLY: I think all of us moms are in agreement that we are not prepared for this competition. Maddie had a lot of practice because she has scheduled privates every week, but not all of us have private lesson time slots. -ABBY: Nia. -NIA: Here. -Mackenzie. -MACKENZIE: Here. -ABBY: Maddie. -MADDIE: Here. Vivi-Anne. DANCER: Not here. CATHY: The mothers want me to be part of the team by riding with them on the bus. I'm sorry, I guess I'm going to have to be a rebel on this one. I don't ride buses. Here we go, girls. Hold your breath. Arms up. Yeah, your packet and there's a program inside. -Hi. -Let's go. We're all here. ABBY: Girls, break a leg. Please make me proud out there, all righty? CHRISTI: I'm really pissed. This competition was setup from the get go that it wasn't going to be a fair fight. Abby entering Maddie's two solos in the competition this week makes perfect sense to me. Abby keeps saying we're in her own backyard. She has a reputation to protect. She wants everybody to do well. Abby only cares if Maddie does well because if Maddie wins the overalls, Abby looks good. I don't see why wouldn't be fair for my daughter doing two solos, and it's really none of the other moms' business what my daughter is doing. ANNOUNCER: solo. Please welcome Maddie with "Acapella." SINGER: ♪ You got big, black boots and legs up to there ♪ ♪ A dozen tattoos and slicked back hair ♪ ♪ You dance with all the rockabilly cats ♪ ♪ You know, pretty baby, I like it like that ♪ ♪ Come on over so I can see ♪ MADDIE: What I'm best at is tap and lyrical. And I've won a lot of awards for my solos that are tap and lyrical, and this is my first year doing a lyrical dance. And last year I did a jazz dance, but I never went for a title for that. SINGER: ♪ Rockabilly girl, you rule my rockabilly world ♪ ABBY: I was very impressed with Maddie. Her taps were clear as a bell. Beautiful performance. ANNOUNCER: Next up we have advanced prep acro gymnastics solo. Please welcome Mackenzie with "Kids Dance." SINGER: ♪ One chance... ♪ MACKENZIE: I'm a mouse. I have a really long tail and it gets in the way sometimes when I do some tricks. SINGER: ♪ Once chance to rule with words ♪ ♪ Make a change, your voice is heard ♪ ♪ If it's something you really want, don't give up ♪ ♪ Keep pushing on ♪ ♪ You can reach from the mountaintops ♪ ♪ Or you can reach straight for the stars ♪ You were so good. I'm so proud of you. MACKENZIE: I can tumble forever. I love it. Everyone was clapping for you. I know, I heard. CATHY: Vivi's solo is coming up and I'm extremely nervous. I want to see her do a good job, and I'm also excited for her because she looks as adorable as a honeybee can possibly look. ANNOUNCER: Say hello to Vivi-Anne with "Bumblebee." SINGER: ♪ Tastes so sweet from the head to feet ♪ ♪ You know that's something that can't be beat ♪ ♪ No word of a lie so don't even try ♪ ♪ Ain't no honey sweeter than my honeybee ♪ ♪ Can't you see? ♪ ABBY: Choreographically, I challenged Vivi-Anne. I taught her new steps, new acrobatic tricks that really jacked up the level of difficulty in the routine. SINGER: ♪ Ain't no honey sweeter than my honeybee ♪ SINGER: ♪ Yeah, there ain't no honey sweeter than my honeybee ♪ - that, you know-- - You know you danced about eight counts ahead of the music? I know. Huh? I fell. CATHY: You fell? You slipped? Well, I don't know, honey. I'm not pleased with what you did, you know that? And I don't think that Abby's going to be, either. So we're going to have to practice Listen. Look at me when I talk to you. We're going to have to go back home, go back to the dance studio and practice. We're not here practicing. We're going to have to go back home. VIVI-ANNE: My mom wants me to dance even more than I want to. You know what? We'll get it, okay? We'll get it. VIVI-ANNE: I love my mom a lot and I like to dance because it makes my mom happy. Let's go change. All right. CATHY: It's been really difficult for me feeling that we're truly a part of this Abby Lee experience because no matter how I try to fit in, I'm not part of their history. ANNOUNCER: Please welcome Brooke with "Break Me." SINGER: ♪ Oh, you had me from the start ♪ ♪ With one look you cut right through my heart ♪ BROOKE: When I do the chin stands, there was a line of tape on the stage where I was supposed to turn, and my neck got stuck on the tape and it gave me a big brush burn. So, I have scars all over my chin. SINGER: ♪ And I am fragile and I am weak ♪ ♪ And if you wanted to, you could break me ♪ KELLY: I was really nervous about Brooke going on and her hip being hurt. I wasn't sure how well she'd be able to perform, but she did great and pulled it off. You know, I was nervous but she knew what she was doing. HOLLY: Knowing Nia's just learned the solo, and I am not feeling great about this performance at all, and I worry she's going to freeze on stage. ANNOUNCER: Please welcome Nia with "You Do." SINGER: ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ La la la la ♪ ♪ Such a sudden eruption, a sweet sensation... ♪ NIA: I'm excited for my solo because in the past few weeks, I've really improved a lot. SINGER: ♪ You do ♪ ♪ You can't be saved ♪ ♪ You got my number ♪ NIA: I forgot part of my solo on stage so I kind of made up the rest of it. I'm so proud of you. PAIGE: When I'm backstage, I'm really nervous because I'm scared I'm going to forget my dance before I go on, and it makes me forget it more if I really get rushed up about it. KELLY: For Paige to learn solo and perform it in two days, that makes me nervous for her, but hopefully she just goes out there, uses her personality, and charms the judges. SINGER: ♪ Bet you're thinking that you know me ♪ ♪ Make you do a double take ♪ ♪ Why we are the... ♪ ♪ The way we are is a mystery ♪ ♪ I am so undercover ♪ ♪ You can't see the half of me ♪ ♪ It's time to check this... ♪ ABBY: Paige was like a deer in the headlights. That hasn't happened to me in 25 years. I was sick to my stomach. It's humiliating. Just go off. SINGER: ♪ Half of me ♪ ♪ It's time to check this over ♪ I was sick to my stomach. That hasn't happened to me in 25 years. She was like a deer in the headlights. It's humiliating. Just go off. ANNOUNCER: Give her a nice round of applause. Make her feel very comfortable. ABBY: There's no excuse. You should remain on stage and continue dancing. ABBY: It was humiliating for me as a teacher, number one, and number two, she should be humiliated. KELLY: That would be okay. It's okay. Don't be sad. You looked beautiful for what you did do. No, I didn't. Yes, you did. I didn't remember my tuck. You were perfect. Don't worry about it, Paige. It's a dance. Who cares? So what? It's my own solo though. I know, but it's not your fault that it was messed up... ...right? Don't you agree with me? You got your music last night at, what, 8:30? And went home and went to bed and we're expected to rush in here and complete it. I wanna go home. You want to go home? We can't go home. PAIGE: I want to. Don't cry, Paige. Don't cry. Okay? Maddie, it's fine. Stop putting pins in it. It looks ridiculous. There's 50 bobby pins in it. Let me see. She wants everything to be perfect all the time, the kid. I can't stand it. I got to stay away from her right now. MADDIE: I'm kind of nervous. There is a little bit more pressure on me because I want to win the same thing as Chloe, and maybe even more. MELISSA: Okay. Maddie's on in three. Kenz, come on. We've got to go see your sister. CHRISTI: I am so fed up with the BS. Melissa needs to pull Maddie's second solo. It's not fair. Melissa, Melissa. Yeah? I guess she's letting her dance. Oh, she's doing the second one? Oh, my God. And I called her and she ignored me. No one has a chance in hell of winning against Maddie. She has two solos. She already has twice as good of a chance as anyone else. MADDIE: I'm kind of nervous to make sure I'm on the right timing for my music. And there's a lot of pressure on me because I really want to win first. ANNOUNCER: Next up, please welcome Maddie with "Cry." SINGER: ♪ And me, who's so well versed is feeling so damn empty ♪ ♪ Is at a loss for words ♪ ♪ And I... ♪ ♪ I don't want to do anything but cry ♪ ♪ And I... ♪ ♪ I don't want to do anything but cry ♪ ANNOUNCER: That's Maddie with "Cry." MELISSA: Good job, baby. GIRL: Good job, Maddie. You did great. Good job, Maddie. You were fabulous. MELISSA: Christi's mad because Abby put two solos in for Maddie. Maddie does two solos at every single competition we go to, and she has for the last two years. I love you, Chloe. I love you too, Maddie. Right before I go on stage, I get a little bit nervous so I do my nut crackle. And--but I just go through the dance really quick and then I just puff, then go on stage. ANNOUNCER: Next up, judges, we have an advanced mini lyrical solo. Please welcome Chloe with "Mother." SINGER: ♪ I have become my mother ♪ ♪ And me, it's me ♪ ♪ It's me ♪ ANNOUNCER: That's Chloe with "Mother." I can't even look at Melissa. It's always all about her daughter and no one else. Our kids count, too. Good job, honey. I really don't care what Christi thinks. She would do anything for her daughter to win. I don't do anything for my daughter to win. My daughter wins on her own. All right, now's it's time to announce our overalls for our advanced mini soloists. I will announce the top 10 highest scoring advanced mini solo entries that we have seen today. Here are our top four. Fourth place overall, "Mother." That's Chloe from the Abby Lee Dance Company. I don't like to lose, but I don't ever lose anyway. And our first place overall top scoring advanced mini solo is receiving a $75 check. And the trophy is "Cry". That's Maddie from Abby Lee Dance Company. ANNOUNCER: Congratulations. Huge round of applause for our top scorers. Give a big round of applause. Undefeated. Aren't ya' happy? -ANNOUNCER: Congratulations, you guys. -No. I'm not happy. -ANNOUNCER: Take that big wacky bow. -Whatever. You know what? She is not going to ruin this day. CHRISTI: This is not fair. Chloe was learning a dance 12 hours ago in the studio, and you expect a nine-year-old to go on stage and be flawless? Our kids were set up to fail. I'm done. I don't want to say anything else. ABBY: Whoo-hoo. MELISSA: Good job. Good job, baby. Good job. ABBY: All right, let's go. Abby, I think we need to talk. ABBY: No, you're not going to ruin this day. -No, no. -No, we need to talk, Abby. In the hallway now. Are you kidding me? I'm a paying client and you won't speak to me. No. Nothing's worth that much money. I think the worst thing that Christi can do is talk about me when her daughter is present. I cannot get Chloe to trust me if her mother doesn't trust me herself. WOMAN: I was so excited for you. You know, we don't want to ruin the waited victory. -I'm not ruining today. -No, Abby, we need to go in the hallway. MELISSA: Don't be doing this in front of my daughter, Christi. Abby. We can all go in the hallway because I tried to talk to you and I tried to talk to you personally. -Why? Why are you doing this? -Let's go in the hallway. I'm not going anywhere. My daughter's happy. CHRISTI: Let's go in the hallway. Do you want to talk about all the things that need to be talked about? Not here, not now. Because you won't talk about it and you won't talk about it. MELISSA: I won't ever talk to you again. You're making my daughter cry, so shut up. And how many times did my daughter beat your daughter this year. . We were stacked against everybody this weekend because you didn't. Get out of here now. -Let's go. -Bitch. Let's go. Your kids feel bad, but it doesn't matter that my daughter feels bad. Your daughter is holding a national title and I will take it away in a minute. CHRISTI: Go ahead and take it away. I'll leave your studio. ABBY: That's fine. Where are you going to go? HOLLY: I would say the fight between Abby and Christi was incredibly embarrassing. That could've been handled behind closed doors, definitely not in front of children. Even with our issues, I try to limit the things that I'm saying in front of the kids because it makes them feel bad. It makes them feel self-conscious and awkward. MELISSA: Now, come with me. Girls, they are staying with me. You are uneducated mess. Quit drinking. I'm not going on that bitch. -That bitch. -Don't cry. Don't cry. I'm telling you. Give me a phone. -CHRISTI: No, she didn't even do-- -You are out of control. I'm at your studio. -There you go. -Then I need to leave. You're done. Congratulations. ABBY: Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. How did I get stuck in this?
