Look at me. Your mother is not your coach. I am the coach. Your mother doesn't know what to do. If she did, she wouldn't bring you here. Do you understand that? This is where it all starts. We are preparing for the National competition. Moms come from all over to bring their children to me. I can make you or I can break you. They want to be a part of the Abby Lee Dance Company. What if she fell 13 stories down and died, huh? MELISSA: Stop crying. It's making it worse. Nia. I can't stand her! ABBY: Go ask her nine-year-old if she likes what she's wearing. -I'm the mother! -I'm an adult! -Act like one! -I need to go home. Nobody lives here. How many times has my daughter beat your daughter? Melissa is sneaky and she lies. Christi is just jealous of me and my daughter. I think they're both crazy. -Because I did your makeup. -I don't really care. You don't even look good when you've got makeup on. ABBY: I'm the teacher, I'm the mentor, I'm the professional. If Vivi comes to me and says that she wants to play softball, I'll probably slit my wrists. SINGER: ♪Get up, get on the floor♪ ♪My world is with my girls♪ ♪Living on the dance floor♪ Hello. Hi, Ab. Today's the first day of competition season. ABBY: How are you? Kind of crazy in here today. -Hi! -You look chipper this morning. MELISSA: The kids are really, really excited. I'm very excited too. I love competition time. -ABBY: Ready to work? -MELISSA: We're ready to work. - -Okay. ABBY: I am the artistic director and the chief choreographer of the Abby Lee Dance Company right here in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Saute, coupe, chene, grand-jete. People around the country know me. They know Abby Lee because I produce stars. I produce amazing, employable dancers. I know how to groom these children and raise these kids, some of them as if they were my old one. One and up! Okay, stop. I've told you three times in five minutes. It's not a step-out. It's a back handspring. Two feet. Do it right. Start again. Suck it up. I don't want to see those tears. I'm preparing them for a career. We do it all in my studio. So that when they get to real-life, they're ready. All right, girls. It's the first day of rehearsal for the new competition season. Ladies, you all know why you're here. You are the cream of the crop in your age group. And I have lots of new ideas in store. I am going to do something that no other studio in the country does. Every single competition, we are doing a new routine. Uh-uh-uh-uh, girls, don't look at your mothers. I am the coach. I am the teacher. Sometimes when Abby yells it makes me laugh because her face turns red. I can make you or I can break you. KELLY: I mean, most dance studios at least practice for six months before they go on stage and perform their routines. I think it's crazy that we're going to learn to dance in a week and compete it. ABBY: At the beginning of each week, I have kind of like a pyramid thing where everybody's always trying to get to the top of that. Everybody wants to be on top, of course. But you have to work for it. It goes on behavior, work ethic, attendance, as well as have they followed all the rules. You know, all of that goes into who's going to be at the top of the pyramid and who's going to get to compete the next weekend. Everybody wants to be front and center. I hear it all the time. CHRISTI: She puts these kids in a pyramid. It's a nightmare. It is a nightmare for a child and an adult because we have to stand by and take it. ABBY: And you know what? Whoever is in the front and center. They can't make a mistake. They are holding that group together. KELLY: Everybody always wants to be on the top. Usually, if you're on the top of the pyramid, you're in the front line. So at the top right here I have Maddie because she is dedicated and because of her stellar record last year. HOLLY: And Maddie's on the top and Nia's on the bottom. And I'm a little crushed for Nia. ABBY: Maddie, are you ready to be front and center? Can you handle that pressure? MELISSA: I always feel bad because my daughter seems to always get on the top. And the girls just, you know, they don't really like it. The moms hate it. ABBY: Our first competition, it's going to be in Phoenix, Arizona. Ladies, I chose Phoenix, Arizona because I want you to experience some of the best competition teams in the country. We are going to do two new numbers. A high-energy, really cute, adorable routine with Maddie, Chloe, Paige, Brooke, and Nia. And then also a trio with Maddie, Chloe, and Paige. Unfortunately, Mackenzie, you're too young to compete at West Coast Dance Explosion. But you're still going to go with us anyway. Girls, we are going to win in Phoenix. And the next competition we're going to win. And the next competition we're going to win. And that's all gearing up for nationals. Everything we do from this point forward, all this training, all this competing is about the Nationals. So let's get to it. We are going to begin the choreography. Moms, you can be dismissed. And, girls, let's go to Nationals and bring home the winning trophy, all right? Oh, we're back to dance jail up here. ABBY: Here's what we're going to do. I want each of you to do either a chin stand or like a side shoulder stand. And we're going to hold it for eight counts. Let's do it from the top. Ready and places. Go. Party, Party, Party, is a theatrical jazz routine. It's upbeat, it's fun, classic jazz. ...two, three, four. Hold, two, three, four. Up and down. MELISSA: Abby sometimes has favorites in the studio and my daughter just happens to be a favorite. These are my two daughters, Maddie and Mackenzie. Maddie's 8 and Mackenzie's 6. And they're both dancers. Did you have a nice day? I definitely think my girls are like little dolls. I love to dress them up. -There's you. -MACKENZIE: There's me. There's me. There's me. My ex-to-be claims that dance has ruined our marriage. You're going to be in it probably a lot more even this year. And your sister too. Winning is everything to us. Maddie has won everything that she's done in the last year. She was undefeated last year. My boyfriend knows how much I spend on dance because he signs the checks, so-- My ex calls me a crazy dance mom, but I really not. I want our kids to be happy. That's what this is all about. It's about the kids. And about them shining on stage and about them becoming stars. Maddie doesn't have a normal life. Her whole life revolves around dance. -It's constant, but she loves it. -It's really weird. -You do cartwheels over-- -I don't care. You always tap. MELISSA: Abby is a star-maker. She's going to make my daughter be the best she can be. And she will make her a star. ABBY: Girls, what are you doing? Those legs are about as straight as Elton John. Watch that right elbow! ABBY: We are five days out from competition in Phoenix I have a lot of work to do, kids have a lot of work to do, and it's very stressful. Go, leap. CHRISTI: Oh, my God, it's like we never left. I've sat up here a million times before, I've seen 1,000 dances go on, and, you know, I'm just kind of hoping this year turns out, a little bit better for--for Chloe. This is my daughter Chloe, who is 9. Yes, I am. - - This is her state title that she's won and she's also won a national title. CHRISTI: It's my job to make sure all those little things are taken care of behind the scenes so that she can be the star that she needs to be on stage. Because we're so dedicated to dance, we have missed so much. We had our awards ceremony. For what? -School. -Oh, your grades. Okay. I do find myself at times, you know, putting dance before school. And it's probably not right. I pay Abby $16,000 a year to teach my daughter dance. But don't tell my husband CHLOE: This is Petite Miss First Runner-Up 2010. And Maddie won. -I was her-- -Runner-up. Runner-up. My daughter was usually number two, but she was always in the mix. But she couldn't quite, you know, push herself over the top. I'd say that Maddie probably is Chloe's biggest competition. I think that Chloe's biggest competition's in her own backyard. Do you think you'll ever make it to the top of the pyramid? -We can hope, right? -Yeah. If she wants to be the best, she has to beat the best. And Maddie's the best. Um, I'm not a big fan of this new pyramid thing. Because to me, that's more like a Bermuda Triangle -than a pyramid. -WOMAN: -CHRISTI: Like-- -It's very divisive. Someone's at the top, someone's at the bottom. No teacher does that in a classroom. Like, you're the star pupil and you're down here. No. So are we surprised who's on the top of the pyramid? -CHRISTI: My God! -HOLLY: No. I would've been shocked if someone else had been there. -Now that would have been surprising. -Mm-mm. I'm not surprised she's at the top. It's just, it--because my kid is the star. She is the most talented girl there. And if anybody has any problems with me, I'm just going to ignore it this year. I'm here for my daughter and I'm not here to make friends. SINGER: ♪It's girls' night out and I'll wear my Barbie doll...♪ ABBY: Get past them. Switch foot. Good. And then we're going to take that piece from the old dance we did last year. And let me see that hip, hip, hop. Go. This is my favorite part. MELISSA: When all the moms are watching our group, it's obvious that they watch my daughter because she is the star, and your eyes just go directly to her. KELLY: What's up with Maddie? She doesn't feel well at all. Like, she went like this. If she pukes, I'm not cleaning it. ABBY: Maddie, I know you're not feeling well, but suck it up. We've got to get through this, okay? She looks green, practically, and pale. That's horrible. KELLY: She's crying. ABBY: From the top. five, six. seven, eight and hip, hip, hip, hip. Sweetie, why--why the tears? Because my stomach's hurting. See that picture? That's the position you need to be in. You get too emotional. You have to worry about the win. Got it? No mishaps. Five, six, seven, eight. Don't tell me she's dancing. Switch. I have to go check on Maddie. It looks like she's going to throw up. Go. Stop crying. Stop acting like this. MADDIE: My stomach hurts. MELISSA: Do you feel like you have to throw up? You looked like you were going to throw up. No. Okay, stop crying. It's making it worse. -I want to go home. -What do you mean? You never leave dance class. No. My stomach just started to hurt. I don't know why. You never miss dance. MELISSA: You looked like you were going to throw up. No. Okay, stop crying. It's making it worse. Maddie wasn't feeling well. Her stomach hurt really bad. She was crying. I can't stand a child that's sick. -I want to go home. -What do you mean? You never leave dance class. Maddie is a perfectionist in everything she does. You never miss dance. Let's go. She got sick, maybe two years ago at dance. But she's never missed a day of dance. SINGER: ♪...into the circus rock♪ ♪Everyone is passing round the Aftershock♪ ♪Party, party, party, hope this lasts forever♪ ♪Feel better and better♪ MELISSA: Maddie works so hard because to make it to Broadway or to a TV show, you really need to focus on dance all the time so we never stop. ABBY: Up, down, down. Switch, split, step in. Ball change. ABBY: Three, four, five, six, seven, eight. We are only three days away from competition in Phoenix. This week, Maddie, Chloe, and Paige are doing a trio in the musical theater genre. Do I understand? Yes. Knees together, Paige. You're bowlegged. You need to fix that. Five, six, seven, go. Sharper, Paige. Hit, hit. You're tall, you're skinny, you're a beautiful girl. You can do better than this. Focus on your technique. Shoulders down, legs straight, feet pointed. Let's go. ABBY: People think I'm tough. And I guess I am. But I'd rather be the one that makes your child cry in the privacy of my studio, instead of crying in front of 800 people at an open audition. Sloppy foot. You're right in the middle of the stage, Paige. SINGER: ♪My 15 minutes of fame♪ ♪I want it♪ ♪My 15 minutes of fame♪ -ABBY: Stop. -SINGER: ♪...I want it♪ ♪I want it♪ ABBY: I want to be the first one that tells them. I want to fix their shoulders and their cage, distended neck, their turnout, everything that's wrong before somebody else in the professional world has to tell them. Paige, come here. I'd have your head on a platter, yes? Do you understand? All right. Man up. Get out there. If I see flaws that haven't been corrected... I correct them. That's my job. And sometimes that's offensive. I think that's where the tough comes in. But it's like tough love. Here's my baby. Oh, don't cry angel. -Abby was so mean. -Ssh. It's okay. Don't cry. Don't worry about it. Abby was yelling at me. KELLY: These are my two daughters. This is Paige. She's 10 and Brooke is 13. ABBY: Improv. One, two. KELLY: I'm very proud of my daughters. Brooke has been winning awards since she was six years old. And Paige also. Last year she won first place for interview. I'm going to show you guys something. This is mommy when she was your age, Brooke. I was a dancer when I was younger. I have been with Abby since I was two and 1/2. I have danced with her for 37 years. And I think that's why when I had two girls, I couldn't wait for them to be dancers. I want to try competitive cheerleading. Do you know how many kids in your class would like to be Junior Miss Dance of Pennsylvania? I don't want Brooke to quit dance because she's 13, and that's when all the trouble starts. I mean, when you were younger, you used to get first place all the time. Like, does it matter to you that you're not getting first and second anymore? Not really. I hope that my daughters appreciate everything I do for them for the dance. I mean, I put a lot of time in it. And a lot of times they're mean to me and don't show me that they appreciate it. But I think deep down inside I know that they appreciate it. That's her. That's her. KIDS: Four, five, six, seven, eight. HOLLY: I'm optimistic that Nia will have a great year. I want nothing but the best for her. But I also know that Abby's looking at last year's track record. Nia! Close and taut arms! HOLLY: I do worry that Nia won't have a fresh slate. New year, same old, same old. Nia has a lot of confidence. And I think Nia has a lot of ability and talent. My goal for Nia this year is really for Nia to grow as a dancer. Hi, Ab, this is Holly. I went to Carnegie-Mellon for my masters. And I'm currently at University of Pennsylvania. And I'm also a principal. People say I look like Michelle Obama. That's awesome to be equated to the First Lady. I'll take that compliment any day. Absolutely. I expect Nia this season to have an amazing year in dance. Ideally, we would love for her to have a title win. This is my crown, but I just bought it because I had to have one. I haven't won one in dance. You haven't won one yet, but it's coming, right? -Yeah. -It's coming. Nia is not a featured dancer and that continues to be an issue. And I don't want Nia to always be the backup dancer. ABBY: You're going over there. It's forward! HOLLY: Abby can be tough. She knows her business very, very well. I think she produces excellent answers, but she demands a lot. - -Okay. Nia, Nia, Let me see you. I am not a doormat and people cannot walk over me and they cannot walk over my child. And that's where we draw the line. Come on, give me a hug. I love you. One day it will be her turn to shine. CATHY: Pull. I have no hands, pull. Okay. Oh, my goodness. It is--hi. Oh, that hand's wet. -Oh, that's okay. -Sorry. -Hi, sweetie. -Hi. -What's your name? -Vivi. Hi, Vivi. We want to sign up for classes and we want to do competition. Dance has been in my life since I've been three years old. My mom danced, my grandma danced, so Vivi has to dance. I think you like dance? Five, six, seven, eight. Get it up. Two, three. I own Candy Apples Dance Center. I have been a dance instructor since 1998. Four, five. This is what you keep forgetting. Why do you keep forgetting this? Just twist, twist. Ugh, ugh. I am absolutely loaded with quirks. CATHY: I love bunnies. They're soft and they're cuddly and they're cute. I like carrots too. I think carrots are neat because they go hand-in-hand with bunnies. Pink is my ultimate favorite color. And I like to say that pink is not a color, but it is a way of life. I don't like pink. CATHY: I'm an older mom... ...who is very interested in-- Am I allowed to say it? Botox and Restylane. It's important that I look good because I don't want people to think that I'm Vivi's grandma. You'll like me. I'm flamboyant and I'm funny. But just don't push my buttons and we won't have any altercations. With Vivi being six and I've coached her now since she's been 18 months old. I think that it's time that we bring somebody else in. Because if I say something to Vivi and she's going to bust out in tears, my heart is going to break. Because I don't want to do that to Vivi. But if another coach says to her, look, Vivi, you've got to straighten your knee on that, Y-scale, and that's-- you have no options. I own Candy Apples Dance Center. -Does that ring a bell? -Oh, so you're the dance teacher. -I am the dance teacher. -I'm sorry. -And this is your daughter? -This is my daughter. So you're here as the mom. I am here as the mom. -Not the dance teacher. -No. I'm-- You're not looking for a job? -Oh, no. Yet... -Okay. Okay. All right. We just wanted to give her a boost. I would like to see her compete with you this weekend. This weekend? This weekend. Um, we can do it. -We can do it. -Can't we? We--you go, girlfriend. We can do it. ABBY: Mom's come from all over to bring their children to me. They want to be a part of the Abby Lee Dance Company. They come for me. You want to do tricks first? You want to lay on your tummy and show me touch your future head? CATHY: I see Vivi having some talent. And she's extremely flexible. She's got a beautiful point. I'm hoping she has a dancer's body. ABBY: How about your front limber? -Uh. -ABBY: Handstand? -To a backbend? -No. No? CATHY: We actually prepared a little piece for you to see. It's just a little duo that we started this year, but she'll just do it as a solo for you. -Is that okay? -Okay, that's-- you want to do that? ABBY: Cathy came into my studio and her daughter Vivi auditioned. I thought it was ridiculous. She demanded that she be in this competition this weekend. That's not realistic. There is no way Vivian is ready to compete this weekend. I need to work with her a lot more before she's ready. Here's the thing. And you know this from having your own school. -CATHY: Yes. -I have people that want to be in the Dance Company just to get the outfit. The money doesn't matter, here's my kid, do whatever you want. I need mom to step out of the picture. So I'm going to be the teacher, all right? You're going to look at me. Maybe it's just time for me to be the mom and for somebody else to be the coach. ABBY: Mom, I'll take you out front -and we'll get you signed up and ready. -Okay. Oh. ABBY: And you're sure we're good on this? We're going to get signed up? -Yeah. -What do you say? Go give her a big hug. CATHY: I think that Abby is the one that's going to really be making out when it comes to me and Vivi being a packaged deal. So I may be just able to interject with that one little, oh, maybe a ciseaux here would work. -All right? -Okay. -Thank you. -I'll see you soon, Vivi. I'm going to be able to bring things to the table. A five, six, seven, eight. And one and two. Five, six, seven, eight. And One-- Make sure that you're supporting foot is turning out. I want everyone to watch. ABBY: Dawn's daughter was called into my class for a routine that she was picked special for. And she had socks and a T-shirt on. I don't care if you're taping. I'm going to kill her. ABBY: They were to wear tights and a leotard. I made two other children change their clothes because it's accurate. We're doing a lot on our knees. And they have to be in their bare feet. May I speak to you a minute? No, I'm in rehearsal. I want to speak to you. You don't throw my kid out of class. I paid for class. She's not dressed appropriately. DAWN: I'm looking at every single kid out here, Abby. They all look like children! Isn't that crazy, that children look like children? She's dressed appropriately. You're a minister. Act like one. Yes, I am a minister! Let's play the Bible game, Abby. When Jesus saw things that were wrong, he went after it! And I'll tell you what, you're not going to do this to my kid! Out of the room. Out. Regan? Goodbye. Out. You're not throwing her out. Hell, yes, I am. And you with her. -Go. -No, you're not! Yes. Every week we put the trash out. Go. Then take yourself out because you're the biggest piece of trash there is! ABBY: You cannot take acrobatic class in socks. I told you the clothes to take are your two-piece costume. There's a big difference. How can you remember that, and you can't remember to turn your feet out, huh? That's pathetic. Go somewhere else. Take your money, take your kid, take your socks. Find another school. Does it not hit in your head that maybe you're wrong. -No. -Do you not get it? I don't get it. I know I'm right. -Why are you right? -It's my building. -My name is on the front of it. -So what! You keep telling her how stupid she is. ABBY: She's not stupid. She just can't read. You know-- ABBY: The apple doesn't fall far from the tree. DAWN: Oh! So you're saying I'm stupid? Well, are you? I've got more education than you will ever have. Than you will ever have because I went to school. Unfortunately, you didn't. May I have your phone? Call the police! Go for it! -ABBY: I'm sorry, girls. -DAWN: Go for it! There's a psycho in every batch. A psycho. Yes, her name's Abigail Miller. Hi, I need an-- a police at 7123 Saltsburg. Are you okay, Dawn? No, no, no. Are you okay? -No, I'm not! -Ssh. I have a-- a parent that's out of control. I can't stand her. Call the police! Go for it! Dawn came into the studio screaming. She just was going from room to room. Pardon? She does not have weapons. Just her mouth. She was just at the brink. I don't know if she went outside. I walked into a room. My senior company is warming up in another room and I went into there. Turn that foot out. -ABBY: Bye, Regan. -Bye. ABBY: See you Let's go, guys. Let's get in the other room. Thank you. I'm sorry you had to see that. OFFICER: We just want you to leave the property. -DAWN: -OFFICER: All right, you got to go. Take your daughter somewhere else then, if you don't like the dance company here. A little shaky. I have to get myself together. Get back into rehearsal and worry about the competition this weekend. ABBY: Every weekend we go to a new competition. All this competing is about the Nationals. This week happens to be Phoenix, Arizona. ABBY: West Coast Dance Explosion is an amazing convention and competition. It's a big deal. Whoa! The stage, the lights, the sound, everything is top-notch. And they're very, very qualified judges. All right. Let's get this luggage moving. CHRISTI: When we walk in anywhere for a dance competition, we're like the glammed-up Beverly Hillbillies. I mean, we've got Dream Duffels and rolling makeup cases and light-up makeup mirrors. ABBY: Don't just stand there. Let's--let's go, ladies. Okay. Whoa, whoa, whoa. No, no, no, no. She has two pieces of luggage, Abby. She brings it, she carries it. Now, remember, the competition starts right now when you walk into this building. Do you understand me? Let's go. CHRISTI: Every time the Abby Lee Dance Company walks into a competition they're representing a legacy-- kids who've danced before them that were amazing. And so much is at stake because we don't want to be the ones who lose. ABBY: I'm Abby Lee Miller, I need to check in. Ssh, ladies. Library voices. Okay, listen to me. I don't want any flip-flops. I don't want booty shorts walking through here. You make sure you're covered and dressed appropriately. Do you understand? CHRISTI: And then Abby starts with her rules. Girls. ABBY: You get your room numbers right now. WOMAN: We're going to get CHRISTI: Ha! That's where I'm going! This is where I'm going. We were here first, Christi. Settle down there, hot pants. All right. You have this. HOLLY: Whenever we go to competition, it's a whirlwind of hair, makeup, mayhem. Whose going to get the best spot? Who's hair is going to get done first? Who's going to look the best? It is beyond crazy. -WOMAN: Oh, my goodness. -Hey, how are we doing, guys? -Good. -I hate this last-minute crap, ladies. Okay, where are the hats? Can I see the hats? -Looks nice. -Yeah. - -CHRISTI: Look what Christi did. Oh, oh, okay. Listen, get them in hair and makeup and get ready to go. Okay, tell me what you want me to do and I'll do it. KELLY: The fact that the hats weren't done an hour before we were going on stage is very typical. We are always stoning costumes five minutes before we go on or are doing the hats. And everything is always last minute. ABBY: Same thing. It's over and over every time we compete. I told you about the nails. I don't care if you have fake nails, but the nail polish-- the white draws attention to your hands. And everybody doesn't have it. Girls-- I told her I wasn't taking it off. So why? Because I just paid to have them done. -But you-- -It's a French. It's not like she has pink, purple nail polish. I don't think this is where we're supposed to be going. I think I was supposed to be talking about the group... -Well, whatever. But... -...and the dance. -...you brought it up. -It's not whatever. -You brought it up. -It's not whatever. Right. You need to listen to me. KELLY: But then you can give me the $20 to take them off of her nails and off of her sister's nails. Can you hand me my purse? Give me 20 bucks. Hey, do you want to get a drink? CHRISTI: Let's sit down and have a drink. Nobody will know where we are. We're missing in action. If she screams at those kids one more time, I'm going to lose it. I know you need to get Maddie seen. I understand. That's like the whole goal of all of us -doing anything is for that. -Oh, my God! I am not getting Chloe's headshot. You spend $30 billion to dance for her and then you get all over. -Oh, cheers. -KELLY: To dance. CHRISTI: To dance. Wait, can I have another glass of wine real quick? Excuse me. WOMAN: I know! ABBY: I cannot believe it. These moms are ridiculous. They are in a bar drinking and their kid needs to be on stage in 20 minutes. Bad Parenting 101. -WOMAN: Good Lord! -Hey, what's going on? We're having a cocktail. -Am I babysitting? -Do you want a drink? No, no. I don't drink while I'm working. Are you too good to go? -Yeah, we're going to leave in a minute. -All right. Go away. We're double fisted. It's not good. I don't double fist when I'm with my kids. I double fist when I'm in college. ABBY: Okay. Oh, you guys. You're beautiful. Let's go. Just--let's go. Let's go. -All right. Goodbye, you guys. -Let's go. Oh, my God, we're not even allowed to talk. -No. -What? Don't--no more makeup, honey. You like that makeup mirror? All right. Let's go in here. Let's check out our kids and let's go back. KELLY: Hello! I was wondering where you guys went. -Okay. -Where were you? We was at the bar making friends. I should've guessed that's where you were. KELLY: Brooke, stay right here. I'm going to do a couple of curls in her hair and then a couple of curls in your hair. I think I'm going to hold these hats hostage. And you guys each have to buy me one cocktail each for making the hats. KELLY: Oh, kiss my . I already give you your cocktail today. I'm done. - - Oh, my God! Are you okay? What happened? Oh, my God! She walked right into the curling iron. Oh, Paige. She walked right into the curling iron. HOLLY: Oh, sweetie! It's okay. -It's okay. -What happened? She walked into the curling iron. Look. When we were cleaning up for the competition, I was putting away my curling iron and I was wrapping up the cord. And I don't know if I turned or Paige bent down. Somehow my curling iron burnt Paige on the arm. Here's some ice. And here, use this. Oh. KELLY: The kids and the moms were just great. Trying to help her out, make her laugh, and, you know, make her feel better. You know, Holly was getting her ice. WOMAN: MacKenzie. KELLY: It really got her good. It did really get it good. It's okay. You're going to live. I think it made Paige feel a lot better. I feel so bad. Hey Paige... Where's my-- if it makes you feel better. I don't have any underwear on. - - ABBY: Let's go. ABBY: Today is the competition and it's going to be hectic. I have a trio and a group number. ANNOUNCER: And next up to the center stage, it'll be Junior Jazz. ABBY: The judges are going to be looking for flawless technique, innovative choreography, perfect precision, and fabulous costumes. See those girls down there? Look at those girls with the legs? You're going to be against them. So you need to step it up. We're getting ready for the group dance and I am under a lot of stress. For parents, this is an after-school activity. For me, it is my livelihood. Is it in? If it's not in, when you're ready to go on that stage, you tell Linda Diamond or somebody backstage that you need a bobby pin. And they'll give you one. Do you understand me? Open your mouth and ask somebody if you need something backstage. Chances are they have it laying-- or there's probably 10 bobby pins laying on the floor. It fell out when she did her side aerial, it went down. I know. But that's dangerous. What if she was at Radio City Music Hall? And the thing was open for the ice skating rink to come out, and she did a side aerial and fell 13 stories down and died, huh? Let's go girls. I may be perceived as a little edgy in my teaching methods. However, when you walk into my classroom, it's a professional environment. And I'm going to give it to you straight just like you're going to get it in the real world. Pay attention to me, yes? Yes? So turn so tight, right around yourself, and get down there. The one person that can mess us up backstage is Abby because she just always comes back and like frustrates us. She's like don't forget your dances! Straighten your legs, point your feet, and you'll be fine. And so it kind of makes us really nervous. And so we don't really like her being backstage with us. ANNOUNCER: And next up to the stage will be Junior Jazz Group, "Party, Party, Party". Here we go! Go, go, go, go! SINGER: ♪ It's girls' night out and I'll wear my Barbie doll heels ♪ ♪ Can't wait to blow up the world and make Cadillac deals ♪ ♪ Turn up Pandora and let's pump it up ♪ ♪ Ah-ha ♪ ♪ Pre-gaming baby would you fill my cup? ♪ ABBY: Yeah! Smooth that out. SINGER: ♪ Can't wait to blow up the world ♪ ♪ And make Cadillac deals ♪ ABBY: Oh, sloppy. She's late. They don't know what they're doing. SINGER: ♪ Pre-gaming baby would you fill my cup? ♪ ABBY: Hands. One. Come on, Brooke. Over heel's, lovely. Foot's on People clap because Come on. MELISSA: There we go. Good girl! What I'm thinking about is how much talent my daughter has and how beautiful she is in that dance. I just find so much joy when I see her dancing on stage. And I know she's going to be a star someday. SINGER: ♪ We'll party, party ♪ ♪ We'll party, party, bae ♪ ABBY: That's good, Chloe. Do it, do it, do it, Chloe. Step it up! She's late. Late. KELLY: Even though the number was easy, they still did great. And our girls always win. No matter where we go, it seems like we place. Okay. So here we go. We're going to start with the juniors. Our Junior Musical Theater. A third place, with a score of 274 goes to... "Party, Party, Party". A second place, with a score of 275 goes to "Fashion Week"-- I was undefeated, and I won 11 competitions. And I don't really know what it's like to lose. Like, I never got third and lower. I've always got second in first. CHLOE: Losing never really feels good. It's not the greatest feeling. ABBY: I really need these girls to get their act together. If we end up third place at the next few competitions, we're going to be doomed at Nationals. CHRISTI: "Party, Party, Party" was such a disappointment. Its win with the trio or go home losers. We only have till the next number. We need to hurry. -HOLLY: Why did it have to be raining! -I wore the worst shoes! -Is it good? -Yes, it was good. You did great. Go. Fast. As fast as you can. What am I doing? What am I doing? What am I doing? They have never lost ever. We are not used to this. It doesn't feel good. We're used to coming in and winning. I get a little nervous about the trio now. The pressure's on. They're well prepared. The only thing they need to worry about is their performance. So if they go out and do it like you know they can do it, they'll do well. We're still a little nervous. Oh! Look at all those kids! All right, Chloe, let's see it. Good turn! Good job. Chloe's headband is falling in front of her face! -Oh, my God! - Oh, my God! I'm going to lose it! Oh! She can't see! Pull your headband up, please, Darling? . CHRISTI: Chloe's doing her trio and her headpiece is falling off. Oh, my God! She can't even see right now. Oh, no! It's right in front of her mouth. Poor girl! SINGER: ♪My 15 minutes of fame ♪ ♪ I want it ♪ You did great. She's not nervous at all! it was awesome! I know. You did great! You, you, you, get off stage. You, I will deal with later. Go! CHRISTI: What's your deal? ABBY: We need to talk. It came forward. What did you want me to do? You're in the bar having a drink and her headpiece is falling off. -Her headpiece didn't fall off. -ABBY: Yes, it did. It came forward. It didn't fall on the stage. She's fine. She's fine? It's my number. It's my name. It was fine. They didn't miss a beat. It really means a lot to me because it feels really good and it feels like, oh, yay! I never get tired of winning. ANNOUNCER: Okay, teens, listen up. Starting off, in duo-trio, a second place, they score 266 goes to "Money". Abby, mistakes happen. -We're human. -You are. Mistakes like that don't happen to me. I'm not going to have you treat me like this. I'm an adult. Act like one! -Get your act into shape. -You act like one! You're screaming at me in front of all these people. ABBY: You screwed up. If you're going to come on the trip, she's yours. Stay out of the bar, stay in the dressing room. When she goes on stage, the headpiece is sewed in the head. Do you understand? -Next time, have it right. -Yeah. I'm not going to put up with this. Remember, I pay your bills. You work for me. I pay you to teach my daughter dancing. I'm not going to have you treat me like this. Our remaining overall high score duo-trio with a score of 282 out of a 300. First place goes to Abby Lee Dance Company, "Pin-Up Girls!" MADDIE: We won first place with that trio, and that means we were the best. Whoo! It will never happen again. -It better not. -This conversation is over. -I'm done. -And you pay your bill late, by the way. -CHRISTI: I do not pay my bills late. -Yes, you do. -CHRISTI: We'll talk. -Yes, you do. ABBY: Christi is going to be the death of me. That woman is going to cause her child to be expelled from my studio. CHRISTI: I don't know how much longer I can put up with Abby. I don't care if Chloe ever dances again. I can't put up with this woman anymore.
