- -Ladies, here we are in Los Angeles, California, the city of dreams. Laquifa, the postmodern pimp. -Hi, everybody. -What are you doing here? I have kids that are working, too. -Doing what? What show? -I have-- Tell me what Broadway show she's in. Well, she's not in a Broadway show. Failure. You wanted an outside choreographer. Don't cry. I'm not. ABBY: It's all your fault to begin with. Right in the middle of the rehearsal, I get a phone call from my mom. I am here and my mother is in a hospital. Coming up on Dance Moms... All right. Nationals in Tahoe. We need to win. Chloe tells me that she doesn't want to dance anymore. I have a whole list of people that want to take her spot. I really don't appreciate my ex-husband checking up on me. Take the crown and shove it up your ass. I really need to get these ladies in control before we step foot on a stage. Don't cry. Your top Junior group. SINGER: ♪ Get up, get on the floor ♪ ♪ My world is with my girls, living on the dance floor ♪ WOMAN: Can't wait to see what the studio looks like. Hi, Abby. Hello, ladies. Come on in. This is Nationals. It's all come down to this week. This is our last competition of the season. There's no more next weeks, there's no more do-overs, there's no more second chances, this is it. We have to win right here, right now. Here we are in another studio, another week. We need to learn a new group routine. This is tough. We have to do it today and there's props. Now I want to reflect a little bit on the past two weeks. I keep telling you guys, you have been given an amazing opportunity. You've been hand-selected to go across the country and learn a new number each week and do these competitions. And you are not stepping up to the plate. It's been a long road. The girls are tired. We're all tired. But this is when they really need to push, focus, dig down deep inside themselves, and prove that they are the champions that I have trained. I want to see energy, enthusiasm, fun. If you don't want to do it, there's probably 100 other kids that would love to be in your shoes right now. So I need to see motivation. I want you to want to win. This is my reputation on the line, it's my name, but by now, it's also your names. So I'm gonna start now with Paige. Moving on, Mackenzie. Nia. Next we have Chloe. Brooke. And back on top, we have Maddie. You're doing your solo and a duet with Chloe. Chloe, you will also be doing your solo. Paige and Brooke, I'm giving you a duet. I want you to work together as friends. I do not want you fighting as sisters. If you waste time and energy bickering back and forth, you're never gonna get it finished. Everybody is in the group number this week, even Mackenzie. I'm a little scared to dance in the group number. I don't want to mess up. Every single one of you are an important part of this puzzle. And in a group routine, everybody needs to pull their weight. And I'm telling you what. We need to win. All right. Let's get to rehearsing. Let's get moving. ABBY: Okay, ladies. The piece is called "Beautiful." And what it's about is not how pretty you're gonna be in your costumes, not how pretty your hair is, but what's on the inside. And it's about taking a good look in the mirror not at what you see, but, like, the internal mirror. Are you getting any of this, Mackenzie? Yeah? It's a little deep. For Nationals, we're only doing one group number. It's called "This Is My Beauty." Hold the mirror and cover your face. The girls use handheld mirrors as props for the routine. We're trying to get the message across to the judges that we believe that we're beautiful, dancing is beautiful, everybody is beautiful. You're gonna roll stage left. Go. Roll. Left. Take your right mirror out. One, two, three, four. -Oh, it's so nice out. -Mm-hmm. It's beautiful. I feel bad, actually, coming out here -and the girls are locked inside. -I know. Those poor kids. CHRISTI: It's really pretty here. KELLY: It is. CHRISTI: So everybody sucks. And that was the message. You all sucked in the last two weeks, but I want to see enthusiasm... -MELISSA: I thought they did great. -CHRISTI: ...and excitement. Well, girls, I have news for you. Pregnant. -MELISSA: Bite your tongue! -CHRISTI: Oh, my God. I'm going on vacation without the girls. -When? -HOLLY: Without them? Yeah. So I'm leaving them here with Gia. -In Tahoe? -Well, let's just miss the dance competition, okay? -MELISSA: I'm so excited you. -CHRISTI: Where are going? Florida. I'm so excited. -I just need to get away. -Who are you going with? My honey. I can't believe Melissa's leaving again. Last week, she left to go spend time with her boyfriend, and this week, she's leaving to go on vacation with him. Her priorities have definitely changed since the boyfriend came into the picture. -Ladies... - ...I need you to come in and watch rehearsal. I need you to be in there the whole time. I know it's hot, but I need you to be in there. Chloe, let's do it. Chloe's new solo, Another Season, is about rebirth and renewing and moving on to a new story. And it's great because this is the end of the season. It was the perfect choice. Reach, reach. Up. Ball changed down. CHLOE: For Nationals, I am doing a dance called Seasons. It's a contemporary lyrical piece, and I really like it. I hope I win a title with it. ABBY: So no, it's not a Sissone. Sauté. GIANNA: Sauté. Take off of one foot. At rehearsal, I noticed Chloe sort of not her regular self. I can see written all over her face that something's wrong. She just didn't have that same Chloe passion that she normally does. I know you're tired. I know this has been really long and hard on you. I do. I know. I'm tired of dancing. Sometimes, I just don't want to dance. I mean, I love dance, I just-- I'm tired and I need a break. You want me to--here. Lay down. Here. I talked to her and she tells me that she doesn't want to dance anymore. That's very hard for me to hear because I think Chloe is extremely talented and I would hate to see her give up on something that she has such an amazing talent for. But on the other hand, as a mother, where do I draw the line? You know, when is enough enough for her? All done? ABBY: you're early, babe. ABBY: Hey moms? Come on in here. I want to talk to you. So I gather all the moms together and I have them sit around very casually in a circle in a non-combative environment. And I just want to kind of give them a recap of what their children have done and where we need to go. Let's start with Nia. Work on your feet. How many times have we gone over this? It is talking to that brick wall. She has to try harder. Abby's word choices are poor at best. I think when she refers to me as a brick wall, that's incredibly demoralizing and is not productive. Because as a teacher, it's frustrating when another teacher will say to a kid, try harder. That means nothing to the kid because they're just repeating the same mistake over and over again. ABBY: I started off with Holly. And Holly is an educator herself. And she always compares us, but it's not really apple to apple. It's like apple to orange. And I believe sometimes she wants special treatment for Nia. Like, but you have to teach her this way, you have to teach her that way. I'm Abby Lee Miller. I don't have to do anything. All right. Let's move on to Chloe. She needs to work on her confidence. She's still second guesses herself. That's how Chloe is. I mean, that's something we need to work on. Chloe is a beautiful dancer. She looks great. And when you see her in class, you pick her up, your eyes go to her. But when it gets down to the end of an audition and there's, like, three or four girls left, she chokes. She starts to second guess herself. And that's definitely coming from her mother. Brooke. I am disappointed in the group routines with the ability to comprehend. You saw it yesterday. If I was their mother, I would have crawled into a hole. She's 13 years old and was not picking up quickly. They're slow. They don't pick up quick. Walk through it step-by-step with them. We're not trying to be Maddie and Chloe. -Neither one of my kids want to be them. -But why do you want your kids to be mediocre? Because that's the way my kids are. -And I love them the way they are, Abby. -I disagree. I disagree. If they're not number one, we don't care. They're my kids. I love them. ABBY: I just don't get Kelly. But you know what? Smack their heads together, wake them up, tell them to get on the ball, quit playing around, invest in this like it's their future. This is real life. You have talented, beautiful children. Make them own it. Quit saying they can be mediocre. You don't mean that. Who wants a mediocre kid? I want more. I want more. I want more. Twelve hours a day at dance and eight hours a day at school. I mean, my God. They're kids. -And there's another kid somewhere else... -I'm not gonna have my kid -have a nervous breakdown... -...working 14 hours. ...because you want them to be the best. Yeah, but your kid just won another title. Ab, would you like her crown back? Because you can have it. -We'll have to talk about that. -Because she-- -ABBY: I--if she walks in-- -Take the crown and shove it up your ass because we don't want it. -You can go. -Thank you. ABBY: What's that arm doing, Nia, on the fan kick? Nia, I don't want to start the day out screaming at you. Think about what you're doing. Do it right. We're in Lake Tahoe at Starbound Nationals. This is when the girls decide. Do they go home national champions or do they go home with their tails between their legs? SINGER: ♪ Oh, how good it feels to be... ♪ ABBY: You better turn that left foot out. SINGER: ♪ ...beautiful ♪ -♪ How wonderful... ♪ -ABBY: Get that up in the air. -SINGER: ♪ ...it feels to be beautiful ♪ -GIANNA: No one's holding the mirror in front of their face. We're at Nationals this week and it's a lot of pressure. Like, a lot of pressure. ABBY: That leg has to go up in the air, Chloe. Arch your back. Chloe! I don't know what's going on with Chloe. She hasn't been rehearsing or performing with any enthusiasm or energy. She needs to pull it together. There's no more time for this woe is me. GIANNA: Better. ABBY: This week, I'm having Chloe and Maddie dance Black Swan. They are battling against each other for the prince. And there's a big fight on stage. We need a winning number and this is it. Come on, Chlo. Figure it out. CHLOE: I'm doing a duet with Maddie. And we're both swans, and I'm the black one. Usually, I'm the goody-two shoes, I guess, so I'm excited to be a little on the bad side this week. ABBY: Let's go. Come on, guys. Everybody brought a towel? I'm taking the girls to the lake to get away from the moms. And believe me, they need it. -Is everyone in their seat belts? -GIRL: Yep. Yeah? Okay. -All right. Yeah? -Abby, I need to talk to you for a second -before you guys go. -What's wrong? When Chloe was rehearsing this week, she told me that she wants to quit dance. She doesn't want--no. She doesn't want to dance anymore. Well, I have a whole group of kids, and we're going to do something now, -so-- -I realize. But I wanted to make sure that you were aware -of what's going on with her. -Okay. Well, that's fine. When we come back tonight, if she wants to quit, I have a whole list of people that want to take her spot. We're at a competition, and you're gonna come to me and tell me this about your kid. What do you want me to do? Throw her in a plane and send her home and bring in a replacement. I can do that. Everyone's replaceable. -All right. Let's go! - Look at the mountains. Girls, I brought you here because I'm so tired of you just being in a hotel ballroom and a competition. You need to see the world. I want them to learn about where they're traveling. And I took that opportunity to do some strengthening and lengthening the back of the leg. That's not something that you can do on a bus or when you rent a studio to rehearse a number. It takes time. And that was the ideal setting for that. And how about I'm beautiful on the inside? Can I hear it? GIRLS: I'm beautiful on the inside. Sometimes, I don't think Abby knows what she's talking about. Girls, I want you to sit here and enjoy the view and relax. Chloe, come on. I want to take a walk with me real quick. Chloe, your mom told me that you had a breakdown. You told her you didn't want to dance anymore. I just feel like it's a lot of rehearsal and cause we're going from early in the morning to late at night and we're learning new dances. And I just feel like it's a lot. Well, she thinks that you don't want to ever dance again. I--I just told my mom I wanted to take a little break for a while. Well, that's okay. Everybody needs a break once in a while. But just remember, I have a whole long list of people that want to be in this group, of people that want to do duets with Maddie. You're my first choice. And I think you were really born to dance. Do you think I'm gonna be able to make it on Broadway or become a Rockette someday? Absolutely. But the confidence level needs to be over the top. Abby told me that I have the potential to be on Broadway. And what she says to me and what she thinks is pretty important to me because she's my dance teacher. Everything is possible. Everything. And if you keep listening to me and do what I tell you, yes. Come on. HOLLY: Get our shoes first. KELLY: Oh, they have a whole bar in there. Do you got any with rhinestones? Abby pushes me way too much. I think that I need to get away from her and I think the girls do, too. So we decided we were going to go do something fun with the girls. I told her she could take Brooke's crown and shove it up her ass. You know, I really do mean that. I'm leaving tomorrow for vacation, so it's nice to go out with the kids for something fun and not rehearsal. I'm Kurt. I'm the father of Maddie and Mackenzie. I came here because I found out Melissa was going on vacation. She didn't tell me she was going away. She didn't tell me anything. So Missy... Why didn't you tell me, seriously? I did, Kurt. I don't want to talk about it. I told you. -Yes, I did. You don't listen to me. -I mean-- I'm not trying to fight with you. -Then don't. I did tell you. -If you would've told me--I would-- if you would've said that to me, I would've known. Kurt, I did tell you. Yes, I did. You don't listen to me when I talk. I told you. Kurt is not a very good listener. I told him that I was leaving. My whole marriage with him, he just never listens to what I say. I heard from a third party... -MELISSA: So, I told you-- -...that my kids are gonna be... -...MELISSA: Kurt, I told you. -...without a parent all week. So what? Who cares? -I don't want any problems. -MELISSA: Go, Kenzie! -But that was... -Look, look, look. GIRL: Fifteen. ...totally uncalled for. I was really mad because I really don't appreciate when my ex-husband is checking up on me. Guys, we got to leave. Dance had a lot to do with the breakup of my family. I mean, I'm their father and I have a right to know who's watching my kids. I'm not leaving here. I'm staying with my kids. So we're in Lake Tahoe and we're gonna do the Starbound Competition. And this is our last chance to win. Hey, girls. Good morning. Brooke and Paige are doing a duet together this week. And I'm very excited about it. My girls have never danced together. I think it'll be nice. I'm doing a duet with my sister Brooke. And the song's called "Ooh La La" and I really like it. Nia, Mackenzie, Chloe, Maddie, you could go through the group dance a little bit, but we're gonna rehearse it later. Brooke and Paige, I'm gonna send the girls into the other room. Abby sent my two daughters into another room with a guest choreographer, and Abby and Gianna stayed in the room and were teaching Maddie her solo. I was not very happy with that. I mean, why is there two teachers in there that know what my kids can do, both working with Maddie? But this is why Maddie wins and my kids don't. ABBY: I had a rehearsal coach in there with them just to kind of guide them through some things. Paige and Brooke have never done a duet, so I wanted one of the other dance instructors to work with them on some double tricks and what they could do holding hands. All I wanted to do was give them something to do while I finished up with Maddie. Mine are gonna learn theirs in 15 minutes from a choreographer who doesn't even know what leg kick on. CHOREOGRAPHER: Do you want me to say something to her? -I mean, I don't-- -But the world... CHOREOGRAPHER: Cause you're gonna be a-- ...needs to see why Maddie wins. Some children are difficult to work with and some children are a joy to work with. My kids are in here with someone who they just met two weeks ago. That's the problem. ABBY: Kelly totally flipped. She was out of line. She was rude and disrespectful and I could hear every word she was saying. Kelly, do you really think that Maddie can't work with a choreographer she met two weeks ago? I think there's no reason for you to have two of you in there and mine in here with someone who doesn't even know what leg they kick on. No. He's supposed to be choreographing. Well, then let him choreograph Maddie. That sure as hell would never happen. CHOREOGRAPHER: All right. Well, let's keep going on. We'll get 10th place. Maddie, obviously, will get first, and so will their duet. CHOREOGRAPHER: Yeah. Kelly? Come in here. I don't feel like fighting with her. What? I have no problem. We would be more than happy to do her number, but you have to wait. One of you two should be helping him. You can surely teach Maddie yourself. But no, Maddie's the priority, so both of the main teachers work here. But Maddie, you can go and win, honey. Obviously, nothing was gonna change. Abby was still gonna finish with Maddie, and I was still gonna have the guest choreographer who was asking me what they could do. I'm not a teacher. I'm not a choreographer. I mean, I'm the dance mom. Jealousy. And it went right back to being jealous of the eight-year-old Maddie. Let's go. We're leaving. I'm done with it. I'm done. My kids, I don't care if they ever dance again. And Maddie can win again this week. And the world can think she's fabulous because my kids are gonna enjoy themselves at the pool. She leaves with her kids in an uproar, screaming and yelling, leaving the studio. So now we're done. It's over. I don't have any more time to rehearse with them. And her kids are about to compete at Nationals. So instead of getting my attention that she claims she wants, she got nobody's attention. We're at Starbound. And it's our final nationals, so this is big for us. I think the moms and the girls are starting to feel a little bit of pressure. Abby's not used to having losing numbers and, you know, we don't want to be the ones who tarnish the Abby Lee Dance Company name, so it's up to us to step up to the plate and bring it. Let's get the game faces on, get the energy going. And you get backstage and you psych out every other kid. Do you understand? Uh-oh. KELLY: Kurt is here at the competition because Melissa's on vacation. Kurt's their dad. They're gonna be across the country and I think it's only normal that they have a parent there. Hey, Mad. How are you? -Whoa, you look pretty. -Thanks. -Are you ready? -Mm-hmm. Are you going to win again? I don't know. Just be yourself and just don't worry about anyone else. I won't. -Right? -You make me nervous -when you say that. -No, don't get nervous. There's nothing to be nervous about. We're getting our girls ready, and all of the sudden, Kurt walks in. And Maddie's like, "Okay, dad. nice to see you, but go." I don't know if he makes her nervous. I don't know she feels conflicted between taking a side and she feels that she's betraying her mom if she's nice her dad. But she definitely didn't want him around. Break a leg. Okay, bye. Go. You go. Please. KURT: All right. I'll let you go. Okay. Bye, Kenz. I'll see you a little later. Okay. Are you all right? Sure? He just make me so nervous. I get a little nervous when my dad comes backstage. He freaks me out sometimes cause it's not the same as my mom. CHRISTI: Here, Maddie, let me give you a mommy hug since your mommy's not here. -Good luck. -Thank you. Okay. And I'll give you a mommy hug because I'm your mommy. So we're getting ready to compete in Tahoe, and to be honest, Chloe's feeling a little defeated right now. She had a lot of pressure put on her in Las Vegas, and I think, frankly, the whole comparison between her and Maddie is starting to wear on her. And it's not fair. Chloe is a different person and should be treated as such. Chloe is my biggest competitor. We are competing against each other for Nationals. ANNOUNCER: Competing next, number 1004, Manhattan. SINGER: ♪ So here it goes ♪ ♪ The last song I wrote ♪ ♪ And the word I hear over and over again ♪ ♪ So now I leave for Manhattan ♪ ♪ On the next train, the next bus, the next plane ♪ ♪ I will leave for Manhattan ♪ ♪ Wish you would hold ♪ ♪ Me back ♪ KURT: When I watch Maddie dance, I'm just so proud of her. She just--just amazes me every day, every time I see her. Look at you. When you talk about the pressure between me and Maddie, it's kind of different, but not really different. There's pressure on Maddie because she's won all season long, and there's a lot of pressure on me because I have to prove that I can do it, as well. CHRISTI: We're at Nationals. This is our last competition. I really want Chloe to win a crown. She deserves it. CROWD: ANNOUNCER: Competing next is number 1006, Another Season. SINGER: ♪ Another year, another season ♪ ♪ Another story closed again ♪ ♪ One more tale is ending ♪ ♪ I wonder what the next will bring ♪ -What's the matter? -I don't know. -What's the matter? -I don't know. I'm watching Chloe do her solo and she's doing an amazing job. She's really just nailing everything. And then we're getting to the end, and it was the last eight count. She was frozen on stage. And Chloe reads like a book. She can't cover that up. And I'm sitting there and I just wanted to run up and grab her and give her a hug and run her off stage. But you can't do that. ABBY: I was very surprised by Chloe. She knows what it looks like when someone forgets their dance. She knows how awful that is. So why she didn't just run around in a circle and arabesque sauté off the stage, I will never know. Are you okay? You're gonna make me cry. I was just upset and... confused why I did that. I just cried. I guess everyone cries stage. You look--you look beautiful. Don't cry. CHLOE: I forgot. That's okay, Chloe. - -It's okay. It's okay. Chloe, you were great. CHRISTI: She's a little girl. Mistakes happen. You know, we all can't be perfect. I am here to announce our 2011 National Finals Titleist winners. Our first runner-up, from the And our newest star now 2011, Maddie I'm kind of a humble guy. I mean, I'm very proud of her. And I just hope she just continues her success. And I hope I don't go to her head. That's one thing. MADDIE: I won another crown. I'm lucky. I have nine crowns now. And they don't really fit on my shelf, so I'm gonna ask my mom to build another shelf. Maddie was the title winner of the whole competition. I thought she did a great job. I was very proud of her. CHRISTI: Good job, guys. Congrats, Maddie. KELLY: Congratulations, Maddie. I couldn't be prouder of you, even if you had the world's biggest crown, I wouldn't be any prouder of you than I am right now, okay? WOMAN: That's awesome. I'll let you live with us still. Okay? Everything was so last minute between the costumes and nobody practicing with the girls. So I went backstage with them. I needed to be back there because I was playing teacher. ANNOUNCER: Number 1005, Ooh-La-La. SINGER: ♪ Ooh, ah, ooh, la, la, I got what you need ♪ ♪ Ooh, ah, ooh, la, la ♪ Oh, for God's sakes. SINGER: ♪ I can stop the bleed ♪ ♪ Oh, I can fix a broken bone but not a broken heart ♪ ♪ That's just a shot in the dark ♪ ABBY: Paige and Brooke weren't ready. If Brooke and Paige wouldn't have left rehearsal yesterday, they would have nailed that number. But instead, mediocre. SINGER: ♪ That's just a shot in the dark ♪ ♪ That's just a shot in the dark ♪ Everybody said our timing was really good and that we were together, but I don't think we were really that together because every time we looked over we were kind of, like, off. I don't think it was the best time I've ever danced. -You did great. -Good job, ladies. Thank you. CHLOE: I messed up my solo, so I really hope I do well with the Black Swan duet. This is Nationals, so we have to win. ANNOUNCER: This lyrical, ages 9-10, Black Swan. Maddie and Chloe have had several duets, but this new duet was a little edgier, and Chloe looked gorgeous. She was evil. She was sophisticated. She just was stunning. I think this was Chloe's opportunity to redeem herself in front of this panel of judges, so she went out there like Gangbusters, and they just knocked one out of the park. It was amazing. CHRISTI: I know. Chloe, I loved the attitude. KELLY: You guys were really good. Maddie and Chloe, I mean, if you watched the two dances side-by-side, their choreography is a totally different level of choreography. You can see that on stage. Also the costumes. They have a custom-made costume on their body. I got a bra from the mall. I mean, it's like I'm purposely sticking my kids on stage to be made fools of. And I'm tired of it. ANNOUNCER: Now, we're gonna have our top Junior Duet Trio. Fifth place, Ooh La La, it's Paige and Brooke. When me and Paige placed fifth for our duet, I wasn't really surprised just because I knew it wasn't really our best number. And now it's time to announce your Top Overall Junior Duet Trio. It's going to Black Swan. Abby Lee Dance Company. For my duet with Maddie, we got the overall, high score first place, and that felt really good. KELLY: Good job, swans. Good job, guys. Good job. Hey, hey. Congratulations. It's very important that the girls win for their group number because this is our last competition of the season, our final Nationals. I want the girls to win. They have worked too hard, they've come too far. We need a winning number and they need to pull it together. Remember Lake Tahoe? The gorgeous lake, the beautiful mountains, how pristine, how beautiful everything was? That's why I took you there. I want you to walk on stage and be that same vision. So when those judges look up, they go... If the tops come up, do not freak. The judges have seen it all. Believe me. They're all in show business. You've seen one boob, you've seen them all. Hey. No, no, no, no, no. So Kurt comes in the dressing room and Abby doesn't even let his foot cross the threshold. And she's like you, out. I need to talk to you. And I'm just sitting there thinking, "Well, for once, it's not me." I don't want you near her. -Why? -Because you get her worked up. I've told you before, this is not the place or the time. We want to win this group dance. She's an integral part of it and I want her to be focused. Why he makes her nervous, I don't know. But he was an athlete, he claims, and he did all this and he knows everything. And I think he tries to give her tips that don't make sense. And he's rude to other people. So that is offensive to Maddie. And it gets her worked up and she doesn't want to be embarrassed by her dad. I'm not working my daughters up. -How am I working them up? -ABBY: You don't think you are -and you are. -KURT: How am I working them up? What other dad is in that room right now? Not one other dad. That goes to show you that I'm here for my kids. Five minutes before she's supposed to go on stage, she does not need you in there saying something stupid. -What do I say that you think she-- -No, she just gets upset. -She does not get upset. -Yes, she does. -No, she doesn't. -I've seen her. I know my daughter more than you do. Trust me. I know my daughter. I spend more time with her. You know what this dance has done to me and my family, don't you? What? You know what? You keep saying that. -It's true. -But I'll tell you what. You have them brainwashed. They live in fear. I didn't need Melissa to be at the studio, she wanted to be there all those hours. -That's not what I'm trying to tell you. -ABBY: She wants to be there. And I want you to know, too, you-- -ABBY: But when she wasn't... -You did not... -...at home with you, making dinner-- -...you didn't make my daughters. -You didn't make my daughters. -ABBY: No. -I trained her. -You trained her. -And I put her name on the map. -That's right, that's right. I will tell you this. I will do everything possible for my daughter to leave your studio next year. Five minutes before she's supposed to go on stage, she does not need you in there saying something stupid. What do I say that you think-- She just gets upset. -She does not get upset. -Yes, she does. -No, she doesn't. My daughter-- -I've seen her. I know my daughter more than you do. -Trust me. -I spend more time with her. I am making the sacrifices for his child. He doesn't even need to be here. She's great. She's fine. Everybody knows who Maddie is, and I did that. You ready Mackenzie? Come on. ABBY: Head front on the grand jeté, look right at the judges on the coupé sauté. CROWD: ABBY: The girls have not been winning on the road. And this is the last chance for the Abby Lee Dance Company to get that National title. Everything depends on winning here at Nationals. CROWD: I don't want to place, I want to win the whole thing. ANNOUNCER: open, ages 9 and 10. Number 1001, This Is My Beauty. " playing) SINGER: ♪ So this is me ♪ ♪ This is you ♪ ♪ Up close and true ♪ ♪ Let's all be so bright and new ♪ ♪ Oh, how good it feels to be beautiful ♪ ♪ How wonderful it feels to be beautiful ♪ ♪ Say hello to your reflection, see yourself ♪ ♪ Your true perfection ♪ ♪ Oh, you know just who you are, you're meant to be ♪ ♪ Oh, how good it feels to be beautiful ♪ ♪ How wonderful it feels to be beautiful ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪ How wonderful it feels to be beautiful ♪ ♪ Oh, how good it feels to be beautiful ♪ ♪ How wonderful it feels to be beautiful ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪ CHLOE: I think we did really well. I thought we were really together and we really told the story. BROOKE: After we did My Beauty, I thought we did really good and nailed it. And I really want to get first place with that number just because I think it's a really good number. ANNOUNCER: Thank you very much. One more big round of applause for every performer on this stage. ANNOUNCER: One point. One single point, just one, separates second and first place. I'm gonna call both groups up here. In no particular order, This Is My Beauty, Abby Lee Dance Company. ANNOUNCER: Rolling in the Deep, McCoy Rigby Conservatory. Now audience... are you ready for your Top Junior Group winner of a cash prize? I am too. CROWD: ANNOUNCER: Audience... This Is My Beauty, Abby Lee Dance Company. And make some noise! ABBY: They won the whole thing. They won the whole thing. I am so proud of the girls. This number won everything. They were the highest score in the entire competition, and nobody is ever gonna forget the name Abby Lee Dance Company. You want to remind us one more time who your, uh, dance teacher is? GIRLS: Abby Lee. ANNOUNCER: And what studio? Real loud. GIRLS: Abby Lee Dance Company. ANNOUNCER: Top Junior Group. Thank you very much. Both of you, take a bow. ABBY: Very proud. You looked beautiful on stage. Put the hands in. -And one, two, three, we're Abby Lee. -ALL: one, two, three, we're Abby Lee. Four, five, six, you should see our kicks. Seven and eight, we are really great. Nine and ten, we just won again! I'm gonna try to pull Maddie and Mackenzie out of Abby's dance studio. If I can do it, I'm gonna do it. I'm just sick of the way she treats people, the kids, the mothers, everyone around her. She don't care who she hurts in the process. I don't want them around that environment. I really don't. GIRL: Our job here is done. Your job here is done, but your job has just begun. Ladies, I have a surprise. We're going back to LA HOLLY: We're going back to LA? I thought this ride was done. What now? And it's the West Coast and all those incredible dancers. God only knows why Abby is taking us back to LA All right? We came to Nationals. We won. But we're not finished. We're headed back to LA, And I have a little surprise in store for the girls. Let's go. GIRLS: Woo!
