ABBY: Previously on Dance Moms, things are going to be a little bit different this time.
Maddie and Chloe will go head to head.
CATHY: We have our nemesis here again.
The Abby Lee Dance Company, boo.
Where's Brooke?
I don't think she's coming this weekend.
You're dismissed, you're dismissed.
There will be no group dance this week.
That's it.
ANNOUNCER: And our top soloist-- Chloe from Abby Lee Dance.
Listen, disco ball, I'm not talking to you today.
-Move along.
-Oh, my God.
ABBY: Coming up on Dance Moms, I'm bringing in another member.
I don't think she's replacing Paige.
She just did.
CHRISTI: Chloe's crying.
ABBY: I expect more from you.
What kind of parenting is that?
If you do good in that trio, this 20 bucks is yours.
CHRISTI: Don't you say that to my daughter!
ABBY: Look at the way that you act!
Be a role model!
She came in here, had this snotty little attitude, and you back her up.
SINGER: ♪Get up♪ ♪Get on the floor♪ ♪My world is with my girls ♪ ♪ Living on the dance floor♪ Girls, let's go.
Come on.
Come on, we have lots of work to do today.
Congratulations on another victorious weekend.
ABBY: You won.
However, I see things that I need to fix.
Paige, you were okay in the group, but you know that you messed up that whole leap downstage.
Kendall, on the grand jete, you did it crossing to the right.
So we couldn't see if the hips were in line or not.
Nia, you did a great job in the group dance.
You did not pull my eyes negatively, but I want you to start pulling my eyes positively.
This week we are attending Hollywood Vibe.
Those judges, and the directors, and everybody that runs Hollywood Vibe, they are from LA, or they are from New York City.
They are looking for the next big thing, the next star, the next little kid to be in their video or their commercial, so you need to bring the A game.
Moms?
CHRISTI: I expect nothing less from Abby Lee Miller than putting an exorbitant amount of pressure on small children.
That's what she does.
On to the pyramid.
I'm not even going to discuss this.
I'm moving on to Paige.
The reason Paige is on the bottom of the pyramid is because she just does not apply corrections.
You're going to have to work back up that ladder.
Next I have Nia.
You've been working very hard, but you still have to fix those technical issues.
Kendall.
Kendall, you are still on probation.
Mom, it's a long process.
- -Oh, my God.
Why is Kendall still on probation?
It's making me crazy.
Mackenzie.
you were the overall high school winner of the primary age division.
You proved yourself in the group with Apples, and you proved your solo.
I knew I could get higher in the pyramid, because I did great last week.
ABBY: Maddie.
Maddie, I thought you did a great job in the group and your solo.
Well, keep working.
You need something to work for.
And on top of the pyramid this week, Chloe.
ABBY: Chloe had to be on top of the pyramid.
She was the overall high score winner, and that's usually the person that's in that key position.
It will be, you know, up to Chloe if she stays in that position or not.
You did something out there, you made your mother cry, she was bawling.
Don't make me cry, make me smile.
I think this is a little hard on Melissa.
Chloe is above Maddie on the pyramid.
So it's like celebration day.
Ice cream for everyone.
ABBY: This week in Hollywood Vibe, Chloe, you will be doing a solo again.
Maddie, you will also be doing a solo.
And we're going to do a trio, and the trio is going to be Chloe, Maddie, and-- Kendall.
PAIGE: As a dancer, I've been in this trio since I was four.
I think I should be in the trio, and I think because Miss Abby's mad at Brooke and my mom that she's taking it out on me.
ABBY: Kendall, you stepped it up from Apple's last week.
But now I need to see if you can hang with Chloe and Maddie.
KELLY: I am not mad because Kendall was put in the dance.
I know that Abby is doing it because she wants to hurt me and hurt my kid.
Let me talk about the group dance.
It's a contemporary lyrical routine.
I am putting art on the stage.
It's going to be about a bully.
MADDIE: The group number this week is about bullying, and I actually have got bullied before on my bus.
And I've also seen a lot of bullying at my school.
There needs to be somebody that's the bully.
HOLLY: I think it's incredibly ironic that Abby's choice of dance is about bullying considering her methods of teaching.
ABBY: Nia, you are going to be the bully.
Somebody has to be the bad guy.
GIRL: I can't imagine that.
ABBY: But she's an actress, she has to act.
WOMAN: She's right, it's acting.
ABBY: So you're going to be my bully.
-Yes?
-Okay.
I'm so happy, because this Abby chose me to be the one that's starring in the group dance this week.
You have to be big, and strong, and tough, and nasty.
HOLLY: Nia finally gets a special part, she gets a featured role, and I'm happy for her.
Finally she gets a chance.
But I'm not happy with Nia being selected to portray a bully.
That leaves me with one more bit of news.
I know that they're all assuming that that's Brooke underneath that piece of paper, but it's not.
I always have a trick up my sleeve.
I'm bringing in another member, a strong dancer, that can go up against our bully.
We were looking for one person.
Find her a spot--solo, duet, anything.
Give her something.
Please welcome Peyton.
- -GIRL: No.
My name is Peyton.
I'm 14 years old, and I've been dancing at Abby's for about four years.
Not everybody is able to make Abby Lee Dance Company's competition group.
So for me to be a part of it, I was so excited.
Okay, girls.
Enough, come on, come on.
JILL: What is Peyton doing here?
She's going to come in and try to take this spot right out from under Kendall.
I hate this whole idea.
ABBY: Peyton, you finally have a place.
But you need to prove yourself.
You are on probation.
You are the new kid on the block.
It's a whole new ball game.
Without Brooke there is only one spot open on this competition team.
Kendall and Peyton both want that spot.
Let's get ready to rehearse.
Moms, you're dismissed.
ABBY: Soutenu, outside compass, chaines, up, up, chaines, down, down.
CHRISTI: Chloe, Maddie, and Paige have had a trio since they were four years old.
MELISSA: Undefeated, I have you.
-KELLY: Yes, we have never lost.
-Never.
And I just think that that's really rotten that Paige was pulled from that trio.
-I don't think she's replacing Paige.
-KELLY: Well, she did.
I honestly-- She just did.
CHRISTI: Jill's a little Pollyanna right now.
She's like, oh, this is all so great.
Everybody gets a turn.
Well, you know what?
Not with the trio.
The trio is sort of something that's untouchable, you leave it alone.
Shove her forward.
Go.
Do you see what Nia's doing?
ABBY: Bigger, harder, let's go.
Push her.
Every single night on the news, you hear something about bullying and problems in our schools today.
And I think it's important for the children as artists to convey that message to their audience.
Push her.
MELISSA: And then she's probably going to have to kick somebody.
Stick it in their face.
And then pull Kendall's ponytails.
ABBY: Keep working on it.
Oh, this is ridiculous.
The role of a dance mom is not easy.
Sometimes you have to make really tough decisions, and this is one of those times.
Nia was not going to portray the bully.
There was no need for her to have that role.
She can play lots of characters, but she's not playing a bully.
-What?
-I have a huge problem with Nia portraying the bully.
I know you're going to say, she's playing a character.
I finally give you a part, kid.
HOLLY: I know.
I want her to be a featured part.
I just want her to be a part-- I want her to be part of the dance.
At my school there is a zero tolerance policy regarding bullying.
I wish there was a zero tolerance policy also at the dance studio too.
Peyton, you're the bully.
Nia, you're not the bully.
NIA: My mom didn't like the part that I was doing in the dance, because it's a bully, and I'm not a bully.
ABBY: You got a featured part in a number, and your mom took it away from you.
Not me.
She took a part away from her child.
I didn't.
HOLLY: I want Nia to have a feature part.
I wanted her to be part of the dance.
But I don't want her to have that featured part.
Chloe, you're going to enter first.
Right there.
You're on the top of the pyramid, don't push it.
I don't know why your mother doesn't say you have confidence.
You are the cockiest kid I've ever worked with.
CHRISTI: Isn't it ironic that Abby's tactics are very equivalent to bullying in a dance about bullying.
I'm giving you both legs straight, and you're doing one bent.
Do you understand?
She just doesn't have a brain in her head, move in.
CHRISTI: I have to be very careful of the battles I pick with Abby, because Abby doesn't like me.
She's made that perfectly clear.
But when I see Chloe starting to cry, and I see the tears actually on her shirt of her dance wear, I'm thinking, oh God, what is going on in there?
She's an evil bitch.
Chloe's crying.
ABBY: I expect more from you.
You should know what's straight legs are.
And you ignore me, and you just keep going.
CHLOE: I'm a little upset, because I didn't understand what Miss Abby was saying to me for choreography.
ABBY: You're not a choreographer, don't start being one.
CHLOE: And she yelled at me, because I was doing another thing.
She was like, you're choreographing, and I really wasn't trying to choreograph.
I just didn't know what she meant.
She'll come out.
KELLY: She isn't going to come out.
Do you want to go down and see?
-KELLY: Abby will kill her.
-I can't walk in that room.
Well, Chloe isn't going to walk out.
-HOLLY: Go get her.
-KELLY: Then she'll yelled at more.
ABBY: You're on the top of the pyramid.
Suck it up.
The next kid's on speed dial to come to the studio.
- - KELLY: Brooke made the cheerleading team, and I thought it was a good idea to have all the girls come to my house and have a party to congratulate Brooke.
Oh, I love you.
MACKENZIE: I miss Brooke.
I miss having her here on the dance team.
Is cheerleading different than dance?
Is the teacher nicer than Miss Abby?
PAIGE: Brooke, show us something that you learned from cheer.
Ready?
Okay.
PAIGE: Two, four, six, eight, who do we appreciate?
Nia!
Nia!
-Go Nia!
- I miss you, Brooke.
You're like--you're, like, the best friend ever.
GIRL: You're my sister.
BROOKE: I really miss the girls.
They're pretty much a part of my family, and I feel like I haven't seen them in years.
Do you wish you were coming with us this week?
No, because I'm going to a football game.
Do you want to come back to dance?
I don't know.
ABBY: Tuck, ball change.
Plie and push.
MADDIE: I really want to dance around and beat Chloe and get back to the top of the pyramid.
ABBY: Five and six, seven and eight.
I think Maddie's ready for the challenge of going up against me, because she's a very strong dancer.
So I hope I do great at my solo.
Peyton's things working out fine.
She, again, is a natural-born leader, so she's taking the place of Brooke rather well.
She counts the music, she gets it.
Her and Maddie have worked together before, so they're doing some partner work.
JILL: That is amazing, because they're all different ages, but they're all the same height.
And then we got big Peyton.
My name is Leslie, and I've been in Abby's for four years.
JILL: I just really hope that Peyton doesn't look too big.
I don't understand why Peyton is back in the picture.
Peyton's too big, she's going to stand out like a sore thumb.
Now, Kendall fits right into this group.
LESLIE: Call bias, I'm her mother.
I think she's the better dancer.
I'm going to say she's a better dancer than Kendall in this style.
I do understand that Jill would be uncomfortable.
I'm going to let her know that I think Peyton should be on this team and not her daughter.
I've put more time in than she has.
I think Peyton being picked to be showcased as the bully in the lead-- But she got that by default.
Well, Jill, they could have given it to Kendall, but no, they gave it to Peyton, and I think Abby made the right choice.
ABBY: I don't know Jill well enough to guesstimate how she's going to handle Leslie, but I do know Leslie.
And I'll tell you what, Jill better get a own baseball bat out.
She originally picked Kendall over Peyton to dance with this group, and my fear is now that we need an extra, she's putting Peyton in.
Originally, she didn't want Peyton.
There had to have been a reason behind it, and I hope that doesn't hurt the group in the long run.
That's all.
I know she's a good dancer.
Then why do you think they put in it when they could have picked somebody else?
Because you reamed her out, and said, you better find a spot for her.
LESLIE: And who am?
Who am I?
Why does my--why is my word gold?
You said before you had Abby's ear, -and I actually I do commend you on that.
-I do have Abby's ear.
That's exactly why.
We'll see.
I'm a little concerned right now about Leslie, because I know at the open audition, she had a blowout with Abby.
And I know that she asked Abby to do whatever she had to do to get Peyton on with this dance team.
Put that big bully in there.
-JILL: -Like mother, like daughter.
She's a big bully, not just a bully.
More person to watch.
ABBY: A trio is one of the most difficult numbers to do because of spacing.
You rehearse those groups over and over so you have spatial awareness of where everybody is.
Paige, are you running the music?
I think that Kendall is doing a great job.
I don't know if Paige would have been a better choice or not given the fact that it's a very difficult choreography count wise.
Six, seven, and eight.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, eight.
That feels awkward.
I think Paige would have been Darling as an actress, but her ability to comprehend quickly and remember is not to where Kendall's is.
JILL: Poor Paige?
Where's Paige at?
Uh-oh, I think she's running the music, Kelly.
That is like, such .
KELLY: So Abby's running practice for the trio, she has Paige running the music.
First of all, you replaced her with Kendall.
And now you have her sitting in there watching her learn the choreography and having her playing the music while they're learning it.
Like, why would you do that to a 10-year-old kid?
It's just wrong.
There's no reason my daughter should be sitting in that room playing music.
She's just doing it to hurt her.
LESLIE: I love when Abby dances with the group.
Look at that.
I know, it cracks me up.
Okay, I'm going to look-- I would love to see her do one turn though.
- -Ha!
On a pigeon toe.
KELLY: I don't think she could do something on one foot.
Her leg can't hold up her body.
CHRISTI: Can you imagine that ankle?
It would be screaming stop!
I don't think that would work.
LESLIE: I was very surprised that Abby called me and asked Peyton to fill in for Brooke.
And I knew when I got back that I really should get together with the moms.
And I just wanted to talk with them and have coffee and lunch and just see how they felt about Peyton joining their team.
I am so excited, and I wanted to let you know how excited I am that Peyton is actually competing with this dance team now.
CHRISTI: I'm a little skeptical why Leslie wants to invite us out for coffee.
I've known Leslie for a long time, and there's usually an underhanded motive behind Leslie.
And Brooke wants to cheerlead.
Why do you get up every single day and drive to that studio if this lady tortures you?
I just need that answer.
My daughter, Paige, wants to be there with her friends.
Okay, Christi, let's go to you.
Why are you there then?
-If she had been-- -You know what, Leslie?
That's between me and my daughter.
I don't feel like I have to sit here and answer to people why.
You don't have to answer, but you do complain about it a lot.
Yes.
MELISSA: Leslie kind of likes to take charge of every situation.
It's just her--it's just her way.
If it comes down to it and Brooke does come back, I think Brooke and Peyton should be able to say before Kendall.
You are new.
You're on probation.
Peyton should not be on probation.
Hi.
Thanks for coming.
What did Nia have to say last night about it?
She was upset.
I understand why I shouldn't be the bully, because people would think I was a bad person.
I mean, we've had many issues and conversations over the years of Abby about certain stereotypes.
And at a certain point, we have to draw the line.
And having been portrayed as an aggressive person, it's just--that was--it was too much.
LESLIE: Again, though, it's just a dance.
It's just a dance for you, but it's part of my identity.
-So it goes beyond the dance.
-Right.
Leslie is a very strong personality.
She's not so open to hearing other people's ideas.
I'm just saying my opinion-- I still stand by my decision that my daughter dances in whatever number is put there.
She's going to do, and she's going to act out that part.
That's what my kids are going to do.
She told Chloe last night that she has got somebody on speed dial to replace her.
You know she just says that.
I know, but it makes me-- But you still bring your daughter back to cry the next day.
I don't get it.
Well, you don't have to get it, Leslie.
You know what I say to Peyton when Abby says something to her?
Shut up and take it, or find a new studio painting that you don't feel this way when you leave here.
That's your opinion about the situation, mine is different.
Well, if you feel that bad that your daughter is crying and you don't take her somewhere else, Christi, then what kind of parenting is that?
Because it doesn't bother me that Peyton cries.
Ugh!
But it still doesn't make it any easier when I'm watching my daughter cry.
Then shut up.
No one's holding a gun to your head and driving you here.
Go somewhere else.
-Like where-- -Leslie-- Go somewhere else.
ABBY: Everybody up on the runway, go.
When Abby walks in with those costumes, all I'm thinking is, this is like, prostitots the sequel.
As a mom, I'm saying, like, bare midriffs and fishnets-- WOMAN: In school girls.
HOLLY: It's not right, it's over the top.
MELISSA: Well, I like fishnets.
I think they're cute, but not with this.
I don't get the holes in the tights.
ABBY: You don't need to get it, you're not judging.
-LESLIE: Okay.
-ABBY: Don't worry about it.
You have to understand, Leslie, I'm going with Peyton as the bully.
She's older, she would be like the trashy, mean bad girl that's up to no good Catholic school.
That's what I'm going for.
Bully and bad girl is different from trashy, Abby.
-Trashy means sleazy, slutty-- -ABBY: No, I-- LESLIE: She's 14.
She's not--that's not what she's portraying a bully, not some sleaze in some strip joint.
ABBY: I don't care what any of those moms say.
It's my studio, it's my company, and they needed something cutting edge for this routine.
I want the number to be good, because I've got a lot at stake here.
So Abby, whatever you think is going to make the number-- Okay, decision made.
I am telling you girls this, I'm sick and tired of talking to your mothers.
Knee socks, no fishnets.
Red trunks, bare midriffs.
Everybody understand?
Okay, Melissa, Maddie is going to wear her hair in two ponytails.
So the kick me sign goes in the middle.
When you do those ponytails, I want them way up here.
I don't want her hair getting on to the side.
Okay, thank you.
This weekend the Abby Lee Dance Company is headed to St.
Louis, and we're going to attend Hollywood Vibe.
The word is out--they know the Abby Lee Dance Company is coming.
And lots of people are ready to kick our butts.
Here we are.
Girls, I need everyone's attention.
This is Hollywood Vibe.
These people are working professionals.
They're from New York or LA.
Even the person that put you on backstage, chances are, come Monday, they are working in some studio, or some talent agency, or some casting agency.
This is important.
It could be important to you for the rest of your life, let alone me.
I have two moms on probation and two children on probation.
But I don't think they're really equal.
I think Jill feels that since she's been doing this for three weeks that she's ahead of the game and that Peyton is just coming in.
But I don't think Leslie realizes that at all.
Peyton, I really want you to work, get your leaps up there.
I'm trying.
I know you're trying, but you have to harder.
Listen, this is it, you get one shot.
If you don't do good today, you're not going to be on the team.
I saw the looks that Jill was giving Peyton and I being that our dressing table was right next to Kendall and Jill's.
But that's fine, we can take it all in.
Hey, it's more competitiveness for us.
You've got the performance, you'll beat anybody in the performance.
Jill is the new person on the block, so you know, she's got to be worried, she should be worried.
I want you going over that trio a bazillion times, because I need to know that you know it inside and out.
I'm a wreck, because I really want her to give 110%, and I can't stand this idea of still being put on probation.
You do good in that trio, don't forget, this $20 is yours.
Put it right there, you can have it.
MADDIE: It was kind of weird that Jill bribed Kendall with $20, because usually the moms don't do that here.
Or they only do it with like ice cream or something.
Jill, Leslie, don't forget, -your girls are still on probation.
-Right.
-Yes?
-Yes.
So we need to see how this goes.
And you two are kind of on probation too.
You go right along with the student.
I need you to show Abby...
...so she gets off your back and off my back.
All this probation stuff, I've about had it.
You know, we're not going to let Peyton step in and take this out from under you.
So you go out there and you show her why she picked you and that she made the right decision.
-Okay.
-You got it?
Yeah.
There's one number, guys.
We're going to go.
The most important thing you do is when you get up off the floor, you need to move back so that you have somewhere to dance.
All right, come on, let's go.
So the trio is announced, and it's obvious to everyone in the audience that Chloe is a mile away from them.
Is Chloe supposed to be over there?
I don't know.
I don't think they would be having problems with the trio if Paige was in it.
And I think just throwing a new person in it, it's not working.
WOMAN: I don't know how I've lasted this long with him.
Joan, he means well.
For all his book smarts, he has not one ounce of common sense.
Well, that's not his fault.
How's that?
He's a man.
That's just the way men are.
There's no trust, no faith, no honesty.
Men, it's just in their DNA to be-- Annoying?
Precisely.
SINGER: ♪I'm so annoyed with all these crazy boys♪ ♪I'm tired of the foolish noise♪ ♪Thinking we can't live without 'em♪ ♪Girl, they're so confused♪ ♪I'm not trying to be rude♪ ♪And I ain't got no attitude♪ ♪The truth is, we don't need them♪ ♪Hey, where is a man?♪ ♪Where is a man?♪ ♪Where is a good man?♪ ♪Hey, where is a man?♪ ♪Where is a man?♪ ♪Where is a good man?♪ ♪Hey, where is a man?♪ ♪Where is a man?♪ ♪Where is a good man?♪ ♪Hey, where is a man?♪ ♪Where is a man?♪ ♪Where is a good man?♪ ♪Hey, where is a man?♪ ♪Where is a man?♪ ♪Where is a good man?♪ Woo, girls.
What did you think?
It was good.
Kendall, right when I thought I was going to order that sweatsuit for you, I saw that foot up in the air.
Yes?
I was going to give you your sweat suit, but I'm not going to.
You're still on probation.
I was so angry with her.
You have to angle yourself and make sure that people don't see things.
Okie-doke?
Spacing was a little off the beginning, Chloe.
You're way far stage left.
Yes?
It's funny.
The girl at the top of the pyramid takes the fall for the spacing being screwed up in the trio.
You know, it was all Chloe's fault.
But meanwhile, there's a huge microphone where she was supposed to be sitting on stage.
So wisely, she chose not to sit on the microphone and straddle it but sit next to it.
That's why, moms, you go into the audience ahead of time, before the competition starts, you look at it, you figure out where you're going to be lined up.
You figure that all out.
Chloe, the pressure is on.
Yes?
Abby is the one who brought Chloe to this place that she can't get out of this head space.
And she's going to beat herself in her own mind.
ABBY: The solos are coming up next.
After that disappointing trio performance, Chloe and Maddie better get their heads in the game and figure out how to be the best.
I'm nervous for my solo.
I want to dance really well, beat Chloe, and get back to the top of the pyramid.
ANNOUNCER: Please welcome to the stage, The Girl I Want To Be.
SINGER: ♪I got a picture with a girl I want to be♪ ♪Dancing round inside my head♪ ♪I haven't met her she's just a better, brighter me♪ ♪But I ended up like this instead♪ ♪Oh, she knows ♪ ♪She holds the world in her hands♪ ♪Oh, she knows♪ ♪That she's brave enough to take a stand♪ ♪I got a picture of the girl I wanna be♪ ♪I hope that one day that girl is me♪ -I love you.
- ABBY: I thought Maddie was a seasoned professional.
I thought she looked amazing.
The pressure is on.
Chloe better dance her ass off if she plans on staying on top of that pyramid.
Chloe, come on.
Five numbers.
Turn that right leg out.
Face, face, face, face.
Who are you staring at?
Focus.
Chloe's getting ready to go on and perform.
She's at the top of the pyramid this week, and you once you're at the top, the only place to go is down.
And I think there's a lot of pressure on her.
She has a lot riding on this, as far as Abby's concerned.
Now you realize that I am letting you do this a little because you've earned it.
I put you at the top of that pyramid, and you deserve it.
Do you understand?
It's one thing getting on top, but it's a whole other thing staying on top.
Miss Abby keep saying, everyone's replaceable.
And I'm a little nervous.
I hope she doesn't mean me.
ANNOUNCER: Next we're going to act number 43, This Is Proof.
SINGER: ♪After all that's said and done♪ ♪I'll be here and I will be the one♪ ♪It's all for you ♪ ♪ There's nothing that I wouldn't do♪ ♪After all, we're only young♪ ♪And we have time to hear the music playing♪ ♪Because there's a drum ♪ ♪ Inside the core of everyone♪ ♪There's proof enough♪ For all of the nervousness and anticipation that Chloe had in the green room over her solo, she stepped on stage and she danced it just like I thought she would do.
I just don't know why she gets in that head space and can't get out of it.
Like, oh, it's so frustrating for me.
KIDS: Chloe!
Chloe!
WOMAN: Good job!
Well done.
Good job, Chloe.
ABBY: Chloe's solo, I saw a few things that she did wrong.
Otherwise, she did a really nice job.
Okay, that's over.
How do you think you did, Chloe?
-CHLOE: Good.
-ABBY: Good?
All right.
Let's get ready for this group number.
CHLOE: I thought I did pretty good, and I kind of wish Miss Abby would pay attention more to me and my solo as much as she does to Maddie and her solo.
ABBY: All right, let's go, let's go, let's go.
Does everyone have their socks taped?
-Yes?
-KID: Run it with us.
What color jazz shoes?
Black?
ABBY: Did you really ask that, Jill?
She has black socks on?
What color would you wear?
Once again, we're in the green room, and like, nothing's right, there's no time to rehearse, the girls aren't ready, Maddie's pigtails are all askew.
It's mayhem.
LESLIE: Okay.
Now marking it, forgot it?
You're kidding me.
Thank gosh we're run through it.
Come on, Paige.
You want to start it with me?
Leslie, were you a dance teacher in your past life?
No, why?
Because you tell her what to do.
She's 14.
-I'm allowed to talk to my daughter.
-ABBY: No, I just think that you're treating her like a baby.
I'm not treating her like a baby.
I'm her mother, and she's my daughter, and she's dancing.
I'm reiterating what you tell her all the time.
If you don't know it yet, you're never going to know it.
Got it?
Not five minutes before you go on.
PEYTON: I don't think it's fair that Abby yells at the parents just because the parents know what to do.
They're mom's for a reason, they're helping us.
So I don't think that if she's not in the conversation, don't join the conversation.
It wasn't meant for you.
Let's go.
We have to be ready.
We're on in one number, let's go.
HOLLY: They have to know the number.
Let them finish running it.
If it goes on and we miss it, then it doesn't matter if they know it or not.
What's the difference?
HOLLY: Doesn't make a difference if they go on stage -and look like fools?
-LESLIE: It does make a difference.
Let them run the number.
-Leslie, it's your first week here.
-It matter if they know it or not.
What's the difference?
We got to go.
ABBY: Leslie, we've been doing this every single weekend.
It will be fine.
You're the new man on the block.
-I understand, but guess what?
-Don't make waves.
LESLIE: Are they going to hold it for us?
Probably not for Leslie Ackerman.
Maybe for Abby Lee Miller.
Okay.
It's my name, my reputation, not yours.
CHRISTI: It's their names too.
-Exactly.
-CHRISTI: You keep saying it's only you, but these kids are the ones on the stage.
Right, Christi, they're Abby Lee's these kids.
But they're Chloe, and Nia, and Maddie, and Peyton.
Abby's sitting there barking at these girls-- it's my name, it's my name.
And for God's sakes, we are so tired of hearing it's your name.
It's not.
When Chloe stands on stage, people are looking at Chloe.
When Maddie's on stage, they're looking at Maddie, and Nia.
Yes, they dance under Abby's studio, but ultimately, they're the ones on stage.
Paige, come here, honey.
She destroys you.
Don't you say that to my daughter.
ABBY: Look at the way you act!
Be a role model!
I am a role model, Abby!
You're the worst role model here.
ANNOUNCER: This is at number 34, "What Comes Around.
SINGER: ♪I had your back thought you had mine♪ ♪But we've been friends forever♪ ♪And I trusted you, if I only knew♪ ♪But my heart was blind♪ ABBY: The group number started, Peyton and Maddie come downstage, and Peyton takes a kick me sign and puts it on her back.
Maddie's ponytails we're kind of in the way, and Peyton put it up too high.
So instead of enjoying the number, we're all looking at Maddie's back to see if the sign's going to stay on.
And I was cringing.
SINGER: ♪What goes up must come down♪ ♪Liar, liar, you're a liar♪ ♪I'll never be your friend again♪ JILL: So I love to watch these girls dance.
I totally enjoy the group numbers.
However, this one didn't stick with me too much.
It didn't stand out much.
The only thing that stood out in my mind was Peyton, because she was eight feet taller than all the other kids.
And I'm not sure she pulled off the bully role very well.
What do you think your critique's going to be?
Better than Kendall.
Better than Kendall?
I thought you did better than Kendall too.
PEYTON: Thanks.
I think you'll be getting that sweatsuit.
ABBY: Peyton, you almost screwed the whole entire dance up with the sign.
-You can't just like, stick it.
-Whoa, whoa, whoa.
No, no, whoa, whoa me.
-You have to make sure it's on there.
-Melissa's the one who didn't have her daughter's ponytails up high enough.
Why you gotta say Peyton did-- it's her fault?
Well, yeah, but she has to correct what she screwed up.
No, Abby.
It starts from the beginning, and it-- Did you just say, no, Abby?
LESLIE: No, Abby.
I thought she did fabulous.
Right, and you're not a dance teacher.
LESLIE: You tell me how you thought she did?
I thought she was okay.
I think your turns, soutenu, never crossed your thighs once.
You need to fix that turn out.
I thought that I was better than most of the people -for all around.
-ABBY: You thought you were better -than most of the people in this group?
-PEYTON: Performance-wise.
Oh, that's cocky.
But that's how I feel, performance wise.
Hmm.
I was appalled.
I cannot believe that a 14-year-old young adult would open her mouth and act like that in a room full of amazing dancers.
Did you see everyone else dancing?
That's how I felt.
LESLIE: Of course she thought she did great.
You know, every kid and every dancer that gets out on that stage thinks they're the best dancer.
And they think it, they just don't say it.
And you know, Peyton being coerced, she said it.
We have a really nice camaraderie amongst the girls here, but we don't critique each other.
I ask you how you felt about you, not in comparison to everyone else, just about your performance.
-So everybody was perfect but Peyton?
-No.
LESLIE: You didn't critique one other person.
I don't need to.
Peyton did for me.
I don't think there is an apology to get give the group.
She said it, it's out there, and it was wrong, and it was bad.
It will take years to regain their trust.
These are her friends, these are her comrades, this is her team.
She shouldn't belittle others.
That's my job.
ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to awards presentation.
ABBY: I'm always nervous at a competition.
I have a group without one of their key players, I have a new member that's a foot taller than everybody else.
I have another kid that's still on probation that keeps making mistakes.
Yes, of course I'm nervous.
ANNOUNCER: Junior solo, third place-- third place trophy going to act number four, baby, I'm A Star.
Second place goes to act number 6, Pray.
ANNOUNCER: And the first place winner, junior solo division is act number 12, The Girl I Want To Be.
ABBY: Maddie won her division which there was no doubt in my mind that she was the strongest thing there.
I gave Chloe the opportunity.
This was her week, she was at the top of the pyramid, and she didn't even place.
She definitely needs to be reminded, you're only as good as your last performance.
ANNOUNCER: On to the junior duo, trio division.
First place trophy over all goes to...
act number 21, My Boyfriend's Back.
Congratulations.
KELLY: I have to admit, when the trio did not place first, I was kind of relieved.
I mean, their trio with Maddie, Paige, and Chloe has always won first place everywhere.
Now I can always say, you should stick with what works.
ANNOUNCER: Intermediate Modern Small Group, are you ready?
Second place goes to "I Love Rock And Roll.
-This is us.
-ANNOUNCER: First place goes to...
"Bad Time Girls.
Nice job.
ABBY: The group dance also did not win their category.
I thought for sure with the level of difficulty that they were going to win that, and they didn't.
So either the judges didn't get it, maybe they thought it was inappropriate, I don't know.
Hello.
KID: Hello.
ABBY: Chloe...
Remember, I told you, getting on top of that pyramid is one thing, staying there's another.
No matter who your competition is, no matter how long they've been doing it, doesn't matter if you're in that age category, I want you to win that age category.
CHRISTI: It's so funny, because Chloe finally earned her way to the top of the pyramid, and Abby has said some things to her that are so out of line.
I've never heard her say those things to Maddie.
But there's no favoritism.
ABBY: So Peyton, how about that overinflated ego, huh?
This group's been winning, winning, winning, winning.
Do you think they lost because of her?
I don't know, I don't know.
I'll have to read the judge's comments and listen to the critiques and see what they say.
Is she going to be able to dance with the team again?
ABBY: I don't know.
I don't think what she did on stage really is what my concern is.
It was coming back to the dressing room and saying that she was fabulous and everybody else stunk.
You know what, you flustered her.
She didn't mean it like that.
You're talking to your 14-year-old.
If you want to fight with somebody, then you fight with me, her mother.
ABBY: It's not about fighting, Leslie.
If you can't say anything nice, don't say anything at all.
But it's different.
People are paying me for my opinion.
So you are still on probation.
You know, Peyton's sassy little mouth may have just ruined her chances of getting off probation.
Maybe even getting on this competition team.
-Abby's really mad at Peyton.
-LESLIE: Why?
HOLLY: Because of the way it came out Peyton was talking about the rest of the group dance and her performance in comparison to everyone else.
I will speak for myself, I took it the same way the Abby said it.
Wait, wait, and then she apologized, then you're still saying this to me?
Are you going to let me finish my comment?
Well, because I'm pissed off, that's why.
You don't accept apologies from a 14-year-old?
I did accept her apology.
-But-- -No, no, no, no.
There's a lot of enabling going on.
Somebody shut you down, and you can't handle it.
CHRISTI: You aren't shutting me down, Leslie.
Yes, I did.
Ladies, I'm standing outside with a dance teacher that's a friend of mine, and I can hear every word you're saying.
I'm still upset, Abby.
I know, but Leslie, you know what?
Your daughter's 14 years old.
You say that she's a grown up, she's this, she's that.
She has a smart mouth on her, you need to dig your fingernails into her back -and tell her to shut her mouth.
-Okay, stop.
Did you not put her on the spot that brought her to that point where she said something wrong and apologize to you?
You did not put her on this team because of her comment.
That's what I want to know.
-Yes.
-Then that's a shame.
Shame on you, and I hope you feel better -laying your head down on your pillow.
-No shame on me.
Don't shame on me.
LESLIE: You gonna kick her off to the curb?
You don't walk into a dressing room with a whole group of people and say, I was fabulous, and you all weren't.
-It's ridiculous.
-LESLIE: No, you pick-- you let her daughter off probation.
-That's why.
-You don't need to be here.
You said, you can find a dance to put her in, I did.
If Peyton wouldn't have been in that, that would have been Chloe's spot.
She came in here and had this snotty little attitude, and you back her up.
I don't think you guys will have to put up with me much longer.
I'll be gone, this will be it.
