ABBY: Previously on Dance Moms...
On top of the pyramid is Brooke.
How dare you?
Our history?
Don't "how dare" me!
When can Kendall have a solo?
When can Kendall be more a part of what everybody else gets a part of?
You need to tell your mother to knock it off.
She's going to get in trouble.
In second place, Abby Lee Dance Company.
ABBY: Second is the first one to lose.
You did not just tell me to shut up.
-Yes!
-I cannot stand this bickering.
If I have to lose somebody on this team, I will do that.
Coming up on Dance Moms...
Each and every dancer will be doing a solo.
Mom gets to help out with costumes.
I have costumes she's never seen on stage or on my daughter or anybody else.
MAN: Dance Explosion has been cancelled.
Oh, my God.
Let's see if there's another competition that we could go to.
ABBY: There's a competition in Clute, Texas.
-Whatever!
-ABBY: Face it, Jill!
I'll pack my bags and go home right now!
I'm sick of this .
SINGER: ♪Get up, get on the floor ♪ ♪ My world is with my girls♪ ♪Livin' on the dance floor♪ ABBY: Ladies!
Let's go.
Come on.
-What's with your shoes?
-JILL: I didn't think you'd mind.
-I'm on my toes.
-The floor is $68,000.
All right.
First I want to talk about last week.
ABBY: I must say, I'm a little disappointed.
We were just outdanced.
It's that energy level.
You can't have a bunch of slugs out on stage.
This weekend, we will be attending Dance Explosion in Secaucus, New Jersey.
You're going to get some heavy hitters there, I'm telling you right now.
I'm going to start with the pyramid.
And first, I have Kendall.
Kendall, I thought you did a nice job.
You're here because your mother is way too needy.
Abby, that's ridiculous.
Why isn't she doing a solo?
Why isn't she doing a duet?
-Why doesn't she have a special part?
-And that's needy?
That's inquisitive.
Why doesn't she have a solo?
CHRISTI: Kendall's in the very bottom spot on the pyramid and mommy didn't like that very much.
You're punishing her for something I did.
Bingo!
There you go!
Moving on.
Nia, once again, I need to see energy, I need to see excitement.
Next we have Brooke.
You're back, but is Brooke really back?
BROOKE: I'm really happy to be back at the Abby Lee Dance Company, but I just feel a lot of pressure on me.
Moving on.
Paige, great job in the tuck.
I just need to see you do that throughout all of your dancing.
PAIGE: I'm really upset that I'm not higher on the pyramid because I had my own part in the dance and I did really good in it.
ABBY: Moving on up the ladder.
Maddie, you danced well.
I expect more from you.
Chloe, same thing.
Great performance on stage.
You just need to learn to pick up quicker.
And at the top of the pyramid...
Mackenzie.
- - I've never been on the top of the pyramid, so that's why I'm really surprised.
ABBY: She won in Nutley, New Jersey.
She won in Long Island, New York.
Do you have another win in you for Secaucus, New Jersey?
I don't know.
We are not going to do a group routine this week.
Each and every dancer will be doing a solo.
It's every man for himself.
This is your chance to shine.
Every girl is doing a solo this week, but I still need to do the pyramid.
They need to see how they rank in my eyes.
And for one time only, you all get to help out with the costumes.
Since we're doing seven completely different solos this weekend, I don't have time to worry about costumes.
This is your chance to go for that Tony, Christi.
You're going to come to me, show me what you have, and I can veto it or I can accept it.
CHRISTI: So Abby's final little surprise at pyramid is that the moms are responsible for the costumes this week.
And there are to be no recycled costumes and no costumes that she has seen before.
I don't want to see anything from any other studios.
I want to see you come up with something original.
Moms, I'm going to dismiss you at this time.
Girls, spread apart, start warming up.
I'd like to know how she's going to get seven solos done -in a day.
-MELISSA: In a day.
With solos, it's only you.
There's no one to hide behind, there's no one to blame something on.
You either go out there and you kick ass or you fall flat on your face.
ABBY: Stop!
My solo's an acro-jazz routine and it's called Shoulda, Coulda, Woulda.
Now, can you, like, yawn?
Oh, yes!
I don't have time to make a costume.
-I mean, it's great that...
-I have to make two!
You guys don't have old costumes?
But your kids have been dancing for years-- MELLISA: We're not allowed to use them again.
You're not allowed to use any of your costumes...
JILL: I still--I have-- I have tons of costumes.
MELISSA: I know, but you're not allowed to use any of them, she said.
-She said none.
-None.
-Trust me, I have costumes she's never seen on stage or on my daughter or anybody else.
-She's not going to know.
-She'll know.
Sneaky Jill is telling us that, oh, I just might use one of Kendall's old costumes because Abby hasn't seen it yet.
Well, that's not playing by the rules.
You see how it's worked out for you to speak up about a special part.
You got booted down the end of the pyramid.
And now you're at the bottom of the pyramid.
Now you're gonna go against the costume thing?
I still--I...
MELISSA: And you came in with your boots on.
-You know what?
-KELLY: Exactly!
I want to know why you got to wear your boots -and I had to take mine off.
-Well, you know what?
-I get tired of her rules.
-KELLY: I could tiptoe in.
And I actually understand what's going on here.
And I won't let that happen again, where my actions -are going to affect my child.
-CHRISTI: Well, that's all that happens here.
You better go to a new studio.
KELLY: You better keep yourself, like, in a bubble.
Because anything you do wrong...
She's one of those people who, every time something happens, she writes it into a contract.
Why do you think we're still here?
We--in our contract it says because our kids want a title, if we left, that it would cost us $100,000 in cash within seven days or she would blackball us in the world of dance.
-She's crazy.
-Yeah.
-JILL: Well...
-Flat out crazy.
When you sign up at the Abbey Lee Dance Company, she makes you sign a contract.
And the contract basically says that she owns you for a year.
Yeah, but I don't know.
How much clout does she have?
KELLY: Oh, she's got a lot of connections.
Does she ever-- I know kids have left here.
Yes, and she's blackballed them all.
She's ruined them.
Okay, and you guys couldn't have told me this -before I came in here.
-CHRISTI: You wanted to come.
Hello, my sweet little Apples.
So, here we are again.
Let's go to the PPP, the perfect positive pyramid, and let's just take a little look see at what we've got going on.
All of us this week are all equal.
Then we've got that top card with a big question mark.
Now, let's get serious about this question mark.
Abby Lee Dance Center had an open call for some new talent.
If she can look for new talent, why can't we?
So, here's what we're going to do.
We're going to have an open call, a large crowd, lots of volume and it's going to be fun.
MADDIE: My solo this week is a Spanish influence and the song is instrumental.
Well, it has some, like, little Spanish singers in the back.
You have three days to get this number clean.
And if one thing a Spanish dance is, is clean and precise.
Yes?
Yes.
I'm seeing a big hot mess, is what I'm saying.
KENDALL: I'm really excited that I can have my own solo this week.
SINGER: ♪Fire away, 'cause I'll take a bullet straight ♪ ♪ To the heart for you ♪ ♪Fan the flames 'cause I love the burning more ♪ ♪Than the broken truth ♪ I know you guys don't give clout to the pyramid.
-HOLLY: Don't beat yourself up over it.
-JILL: I just feel ashamed and humiliated for my daughter.
Kendall deserves to be at the top of that pyramid.
She did a great job in the group number this week.
She did a lot better than some of the other girls who were ahead of her in the pyramid.
She deserves to be at the top.
Did you see how everybody was so happy for Mackenzie?
And when Kendall does make it, all the kids are going to be happy for her too.
But Nia has to be at the top too, and so does Paige.
CHRISTI: I don't necessarily think that they have to be...
JILL: And the best should be at the top.
It shouldn't be...
HOLLY: How come whenever there's Nia or Paige, ever, their names are ever mentioned of possibly being elevated up the pyramid, that's when your claws come out...
Jill has a tendency to say snide remarks about certian students.
Usually it's Nia, sometimes it's Paige.
And I don't care what Jill says.
It is very evident to me that she sees Nia as a weak link.
You weren't even here all last week, and you show up -and you start...
-HOLLY: I beg your pardon.
I do have a job outside of sitting up here.
-We know you work hard!
-HOLLY: Good.
Thank you.
Okay--I've said that a million times.
-I don't know why...
-Not really.
CHRISTI: We know you said it a million times.
You've said a lot a million times.
Do you ever shut up?
Ever?
JILL: All we have to hear about is I have another child.
-I can't do the costume!
-I have a two-year-old!
-You have teenagers!
-I know!
We all know!
-We hear it all the time!
-Shut up, Jill!
CATHY: I don't know what's gonna happen once I put out my offer to these girls.
Come on in!
Come on in, if you're a dancer.
You guys are here to audition for Team Apple.
I don't feel that our team is lacking.
We are definitely going to make ourselves even stronger yet.
CATHY: She walks in the door and I immediately recognize her.
She is one of Abby's dancers.
CATHY: She walks in the door and I immediately recognize her.
She is one of Abby's dancers.
I mean, they compete.
You'll be able to compete here.
We don't know what's going to happen.
You don't even know if she's going to ask you to stay.
LESLIE: After all of Abby's abuse, kicking Peyton off the team and disrespecting me, I want to show Abby that we can find another studio to compete at.
And the fact that there's space available at Cathy's Candy Apples-- icing on the cake.
-I'm excited.
Are you excited?
-Yeah.
PEYTON: I want to make my mom happy, but I'm not sure how I feel about dancing for the Candy Apples.
I know it's up to you, but I really want you to compete because you know in your heart you really -want to compete.
-I know.
-Okay?
- Okay.
-All right.
-Strike your best pose right now.
Hit it.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
And one...
She had a great face and a great body, and she was just selling herself.
I'm definitely going to offer Peyton a spot on the team.
What a coup if we can get her and she's from Abby Lee.
Kind of a win-win situation for me.
I get to give Abby the old little stab in the back-a-rooski, and I pick up another dancer who's got some fine qualities.
-Hey, Peyton.
-Hi!
-CATHY: Awesome job today.
-PEYTON: Thank you.
I want to know if you would be interested in being on Team Apples.
Um...
I would definitely have to think about it.
Are you a spy?
-No!
No.
-So what's your hold-back then?
I just miss my friends.
It's a long drive from where I live.
CATHY: It's mind boggling to me that here's this kid it's got an opportunity to come over to a dance studio that's nothing but positive, and I walk up and I'm like, you know, what the heck?
What are you guys doing?
Hey!
Come on!
What are you doing?
LELIE: She's just not 100% ready to just come here and compete.
Peyton!
Peyton!
You shouldn't have wasted my time...
-That's not true.
-Thank you, guys.
-As a dance educator...
-Thank you, guys.
...you should not be saying that.
You should say, it was my privilege -to teach your daughter something.
-I think I already...
LESLIE: That should not be your answer.
-Leslie...
-If you were a positive educator...
-I think...
-...you should not have taken that route.
Leslie, honestly, you are way too much like the Pittsburgh Dance Moms for me.
So, I loved you...
-You can't handle me?
-...and thank you.
-Okay, Cathy.
-I loved you and thank you.
Thank you, Cathy.
So Candy Apples isn't the place for us, but my daughter is a star.
I'm sure of it, and I won't quit until I find a place for her to dance.
You know, if I have to go crawling back to Abby for Peyton to dance, so be it.
All right, let's grab our stuff and go.
ABBY: All right, do you see yourself getting sloppy at the end?
-WOMAN: No, Holly.
-WOMAN: She looks cute in that.
WOMAN: Put that away.
KELLY: Christi and I always are doing stuff with our costumes, but I'm rather nervous for Melissa and Holly.
-HOLLY: Yes.
-Are you going to show her?
-Because she's gonna say, what?
-I'm gonna veto that.
Me too.
Veto.
Honestly, I resent the fact that I have to make Nia's costume.
I do not sew.
I am not a designer.
I did not sign up to make my daughter's costume for dance.
Put your arms up, up, up, down, down, down.
CHRISTI: I think Chloe's solo this week is going to be a little bit more challenging than the other girls, simply based on the fact that she is doing ballet, and there is a right and there's a wrong.
There's no gray area.
PAIGE: My solo this week is called Make Some Noise, and it's, like, a jazzy acrobatic routine.
And I really like it.
-I have a chicken.
- -Maybe there's a chicken...
-A spider, so far we're batting 1,000.
Hi.
Hello, ladies.
All right, let me see what you have.
That looks like somebody else's costume.
Good.
Yeah, but that doesn't look like an Abby Lee Dance Company costume.
All right, moving on.
Jill?
I got like sunburst, kind of cheery, a little bit bright.
Sweet little lies.
JILL: Sweet.
-Black, white, or red?
-Sweet like an orange?
-ABBY: No.
-JILL: Black, red, or pink?
Even white.
-Okay.
-Okay?
I'm going to make this a sarong, put a rose here and a rose in her hair.
You're going to make it into a sarong?
Uh-huh.
Kelly taught me how to do it.
Okay.
My tutu is being dyed powder blue.
It's home.
Procrastination station.
It was wet.
Did you want me to bring it in here and ruin your floor?
ABBY: Why didn't you just take a picture of it?
Well, I can.
I will when I get home.
And here's the bra that I am dying the same color.
You're putting your child in a bra?
CHRISTI: Yeah.
It won't look like a bra when I'm done with it, I promise.
ABBY: Christi doesn't really have anything to show me.
She has to get her act together, and get it real quick.
JILL: Two options for Paige.
I can do this.
That's loud.
-Well, you told me loud.
-ABBY: Right, I know.
That's right.
JILL: And booty shorts, and probably have like some...
ABBY: If she's going to wear shorts that short, the legs better be straight and the feet better be pointed.
Brooke, go to Brooke.
That'll work.
All right, listen.
Step it up.
You do not want to get an hour from New York City, where they can get any piece of fabric, any color rhinestone, any applique, any headpiece, you know, like that.
This is going to be really rough.
I have seven completely different solos to create, plus overseeing the mothers of this costume idea.
-Oh, my gosh, wait.
Hold on.
-Look at this, Paige, look You guys are growing.
Isn't that sad?
I like it when you were little.
Hello?
Reign Dance Productions, home of the Abby Lee Dance Company.
MAN: Hi, I'm trying to get a hold of Abby Lee Miller.
This is Abby speaking.
Oh, hi there, this is Rich from Dance Explosion.
Oh, hi.
How are you?
RICH: I'm doing pretty good, how are you?
-Good, good.
-RICH: Good, good, um, I have a little bad news, I'm sorry to let you know...
...that Dance Explosion has been canceled.
Oh, my God.
Oh, hi there, this is Rich from Dance Explosion.
Oh, hi.
How are you?
RICH: I'm doing pretty good, how are you?
Good, good.
RICH: Good, good, um, I have a little bad news, I'm sorry to let you know...
...that Dance Explosion has been canceled.
Oh, my God.
We're leaving in less than 24 hours.
What do you mean the competition was canceled?
That's just unheard of.
Heard you wanted to see us.
ABBY: Yes, I do.
We have a bit of an issue.
This guy calls and says, I'm calling from Dance Explosion to let you know the competition this weekend has been canceled because there's not a lot of people coming.
MELLISA: Hearing that the competition was canceled is awful.
I mean, my daughters really want to dance.
Mackenzie's finally at the top of the pyramid.
And I'm really upset about it.
So what are our options?
ABBY: We have six solos.
The kids have worked hard, and they're going to do the routine somewhere.
KELLY: Why don't we call around and see if there's another competition that we could go to?
HOLLY: We have seven girls with dances and no place to go, and Abby has to find a solution to that situation really fast.
Girls, by all means, do not slack off.
I don't care if there's one person against you or 1,000 people against you.
You should go out and do the best performance that you can.
-Understood?
-ALL: Yes.
ABBY: Yes?
Okay, back to class.
Moms, back to work.
WOMAN: One, two, pivot.
Hey, it's Abby.
We have a bit of a crisis.
Break through.
Yeah, she's out.
Okay.
Five, six, seven, eight.
MAN: Your call has been forward to an automatic...
Nope.
Nope.
Right now I have seven completed solo routines and no competition to go to, so I need to find somewhere for these kids to go.
We are going to find something and we are going to go.
There we go.
Now we're talking.
Dance Explosion may have let me down, but I'm never going to let those kids down.
Ladies, we are going to a competition this weekend.
There's a competition in Clute, Texas, just outside of Galveston.
I want the girls to practice tonight.
Okay.
I'm keeping them here until their dances are finished and perfect.
The show must go on.
Yee-haw.
They say don't mess with Texas, but they Abby Lee Dance Company is on its way.
Look out, Cowboys, here we come.
I have a Maddie, too.
ABBY: That's where we're going to be dancing.
The energy is up.
We're excited.
We're walking into the M&amp;A Dance Competition, and lo and behold, it's on a gymnasium floor.
Whew!
This just threw us off our game.
Here we go, guys.
Come on, let's go.
Get your stuff set up.
Get your hair up quickly.
WOMAN: Okay.
Obviously this is not what I had intended.
It's a gymnasium floor, so you can handle it.
KENDALL: I'm really nervous to dance on a gymnasium floor because I've never danced on one before.
And it's wood, so I'm scared I might slip.
I hope you were guiding your mothers when they made these costumes, yes?
I hope you weren't sleeping.
That costume really has to sparkle because there's not stage lights.
You know, there's not lights hitting that costume to make it sparkle.
It has to sparkle on its own.
So I'm going to see those before they go out there, got it?
I hope nobody has to dance naked, ladies.
SINGER: ♪We all about, that's right ♪ ♪Because it feels good ♪ ♪ We all about it♪ ♪ Uh-huh ♪ ♪You know you should♪ ♪Be all about it ♪ ANNOUNCER: Please welcome to the floor the Abby Lee Dance Company.
SINGER: ♪It's like a dream, this moment in time♪ ♪Now I see a bigger part of me ♪ ♪Now the world has opened up its door♪ ♪I'm so much more than I ever was before♪ ♪Who am I?
♪ ♪ I see you staring back at me♪ ♪I don't have to question why ♪ ♪Who am I?
♪ - - ANNOUNCER: On the floor now, Abby Lee Dance Company.
This is Miss Mackenzie.
("Shoulda Coulda Woulda" by Paulina Cerilla playing) SINGER: ♪Oh, oh, oh, oh♪ ♪Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪Whoa♪ I'm used to dancing on a stage, not this slippery gym floor.
It feels different.
SINGER: ♪ Today I woke up and realized ♪ ♪ That there's boy I really like ♪ ♪And then I thought I should ask him out♪ ♪ To the dance ♪ ♪So I put a note in his locker right ♪ ♪When he was playing soccer ♪ ♪And then he got it, got it♪ ♪Read it and got back to me ♪ -CHRISTI: Oh.
-Probably.
Let me see.
That's beautiful.
Did you make that?
Um.
HOLLY: Yes, that's an old costume.
-You didn't make that.
-No, I wouldn't say it's old.
I didn't say it made it.
But did she wear it at her other studio?
No.
-You just had that hanging in your closet?
-Well, maybe it wasn't mine.
Maybe it was someone else's and they lent it to me.
-ABBY: Hello.
-JILL: Hello.
-ABBY: Jill, let me see her costume.
-Okay.
This is the white costume.
You did not whip that up last night.
Oh, I never said I whipped it up last night.
You didn't say go home and whip up-- I'm not Becky Home Eccy.
I don't whip up costumes.
Where did that costume come from, because it's obviously not pieces of something you pulled together?
I just wanted used pieces that you had at home and come up with something at the last minute.
JILL: This is what I came up with.
Well, whose is that, may I ask?
This is Kendall's costume.
You have not seen her in this costume.
Somebody somewhere has seen her in it.
It's Kendall's old costume.
It's Kendall's costume now.
It's not one of her old costumes.
ABBY: I'm trying to teach the children the lesson they don't need a $500 costume to win.
You have something at home, make it work.
It's not about winning.
It's about what I want to put my daughter in.
No, it's about what I want to put your daughter in.
-JILL: A whipped up costume...
-ABBY: Go look at what you have.
Figure it out.
Put it on the kid.
That's looks like a wedding gown.
That's what I did.
Brooke went out there in a $30 leotard...
-JILL: And she did great.
-...and danced beautifully.
I can't believe you guys wouldn't back me up on this.
Because we're following the rules.
You're not.
She's going out there in the gymnasium in her costume -that I brought for her.
-ABBY: You look me in the eye.
Has she ever worn that costume in the competition or on stage or a show or a showcase or a performance or a school gig or anything else?
Yes, but you haven't seen her in it.
None of you have seen her in it.
I don't care if somebody else in the world did.
-What are you doing?
-JILL: I'm done.
I'm leaving.
You don't want me here.
I'll just make it easier for you.
WOMAN: No, we want you here.
We want you to play by the rules.
JILL: Whatever.
Whatever.
I'll pack my bags and go home right now.
Would that make you guys all really happy?
-No, that would not make me happy.
-JILL: Because that's what I'm doing.
I'm sick of this .
-Done!
I'm done.
-ABBY: It's going to be-- It's going to be your daughter that loses out.
-It's your daughter.
-Good for you.
Jill's throwing shoes and she's cursing, and all I'm thinking is you are so hard to take seriously wearing that hat.
Yes, you know what?
You're exactly right.
It's supposed to be about the kids.
Let her wear the costume.
ABBY: Did she ever wear that costume before?
Yes, but you haven't seen her in it.
None of you have seen her in it.
I don't care if somebody else in the world did.
Whatever.
I'll pack my bags and go home right now.
Is that--would that make you guys all really happy?
-ABBY: No, that would not make me happy.
-JILL: Because that's what I'm doing.
I'm sick of this .
-I'm done.
I'm done.
-ABBY: It's going to be-- It's going to be your daughter that loses out.
-It's your daughter.
-Good for you.
You know what?
You're exactly right.
It's supposed to be about the kids.
Let her wear the costume.
ABBY: The mom's assignment was grab a few pieces together, take some shorts and a crop-top, trim them up a little bit, and make a costume.
She had to go above and beyond and try to outdo everyone.
Well, you know what?
It backfired on her.
Please do this for Kendall.
She's going to be so brokenhearted.
I'm not putting her in a piece of costume.
I'm not doing it, and I'm not going to let them and Abby win over this.
-I'm not going to let them.
-Don't worry about them because they did this to me, okay?
They don't do that to me anymore.
I'm really shocked that Jill flipped out at Abby the way she did, and I'm sure she's going to regret it.
I just think that she was at her wit's end and she doesn't understand the way our studio runs.
Where's Abby, girls?
Did you see her?
What did she do?
Well, she's not dancing because I'm not putting her in a piece of that Abby wants me to put her in.
At this point, I'm done.
I'm not going to stick around and let them belittle me and belittle my daughter over a stinking costume.
I'm packing my stuff up and I'm leaving.
They won't have to deal with me anymore.
Okay, I love you.
I love you.
Maddie, go be with her.
Kendall, come here, babe.
Come on.
Get your jacket and your boots.
Let's go.
MELISSA: Maddie, help her.
-It's going to be okay, Kendall.
-Why are you going to make her leave?
-WOMAN: She's with her friends.
-Why?
Do you really need to ask why?
I think you know why.
We will go to the auditorium and we will support our friends, like our friends support us.
Let's go.
We come all this way and these witches won't get off my back.
Kendall's not dancing.
End of story.
Not having it.
When you're older, you will understand that you need to stand up for what you think is right, and what they are doing to us right now is not right.
-I want to dance.
-I know you want to dance, honey.
We came all this way for you to dance.
I want you to dance, too, but it's not happening.
Let's go.
All right, how's everybody doing?
Yes?
What's behind you?
Looks like there's blue sticking out on the sides of you.
-WOMAN: It's a heating pad.
-GIRL: No.
ABBY: A heating pad?
HOLLY: Abby pushes these girls to be as professional as possible.
Sometimes when you're an athlete, you have to perform, even if there's pain.
And these girls have to learn how to dance through the pain.
She's having a lot of back and hip pain.
The hip pain maybe because you're working really hard at ballet class.
You're using muscles that you never used before.
You know, you're starting to use the inner thigh instead of grabbing on top.
HOLLY: So I'm just trying to keep her not freaking out about it.
I told her she can dance.
She can dance through the pain.
ABBY: There's a big difference between being sore and being injured.
Injured you should not dance.
Sore, you have to work through the pain.
HOLLY: I knew it was coming.
You know, as a mom, you just have those moments and you know something's going to happen.
During rehearsal, Nia's running her dance.
When you dive walk over, that right foot has to stay turned out.
HOLLY: She got a couple corrections.
I got her flustered.
She couldn't remember part of her dance, and I could just see something's not right.
You'll do well.
It's okay.
You're going to do fine.
Sweetie, you'll be okay.
Stay focused and follow your corrections.
You're going to be fine.
So we are headed to the gymnasium floor.
We get to the door, and Nia just has a panic attack.
She breaks down.
I'm like, "Oh, my goodness.
This child is not going to perform today.
There's no way I can get her on that stage.
What am I going to do?
Calm down.
Calm down.
Nia...
Come here.
Come here.
You're a survivor.
She is so worked up, and all I could think of was I have to calm her down.
Relax.
Relax.
I've never seen you this way.
NIA: Right now I'm very scared to go on the gymnasium floor because it's slippery and I don't want to fall.
HOLLY: Calm yourself down.
It's gonna be okay.
I'm going to go to the door so I can hurry up and get in, okay?
She was so overwhelmed by the prospect of performing, she had shut down.
She's flipping out.
She had like a panic attack.
GIRL: Is she okay?
Not really, so no practice for Nia.
She's having a panic attack for whatever reason.
ANNOUNCER: Please welcome to the floor from Abby Lee Dance Company, Nia.
SINGER: ♪ I'm gonna survive ♪ ♪ I'm staying alive ♪ ♪ I'm gonna hold my head up high ♪ ♪ I'm gonna survive ♪ ♪ Yeah, I'm gonna shine ♪ ♪ And show the world that it's my time ♪ HOLLY: Nia looks good out there.
I'm looking at her and I'm speechless.
I can't believe she's pulling this off.
SINGER: ♪ You can get high ♪ ♪ I'm going to survive ♪ NIA: It was really hard to go out and dance, but I'm glad I pushed myself.
It was just amazing.
-KENDALL: I want to dance.
-I know you want to dance.
I want you to dance.
KENDALL: Well, am I dancing or what?
JILL: No, because they won't let you wear what I brought for you to wear.
-Kendall's not dancing.
-HOLLY: She packed up all her stuff.
-Are you telling me this for real?
-Yeah.
ABBY: I was absolutely appalled that Kendall was sitting in the audience behind me with her mother while other solos were dancing.
She should have been on deck, warming up, ready to go.
She wore shorts and a crop-top the whole time we rehearsed it.
The whole time we rehearsed the dance.
JILL: We're sitting in the stands, supporting the other children.
Abby turns to me and she says, "Go put Kendall in the white booty shorts.
Where's the white shorts and top?
It's in the dressing room.
-ABBY: And she's allowed to use it?
-MELISSA: I told her she could.
-Absolutely.
-ABBY: Okay.
Go.
Go.
JILL: So I make a rash decision to let Kendall wear the white booty shorts and the underwear on stage.
JILL: Do a front aerial, honey, right here.
Please, you need to stay stretched.
ANNOUNCER: From Abby Lee Dance, welcome Miss Kendall.
SINGER: ♪ Fire away ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'd take a bullet straight to the heart for you ♪ ♪ Fan all the flames ♪ ♪ 'Cause I love the burning more than the broken truth ♪ ♪ So tell me what I wanna hear ♪ KENDALL: I'm happy that I'm finally dancing, and I don't care what the costume looks like.
SINGER: ♪ ...sweet little lies ♪ ♪ Sweet little lies over me ♪ ♪ Sweet little lies over me...
♪ ABBY: Kendall did a great job in simple white booty shorts and a crop-top.
Jill is a drama queen.
I don't think I can take it anymore.
ANNOUNCER: Please welcome to the floor Chloe.
CHRISTI: Chloe looks beautiful, and her costume looks professionally made, if I do say so myself.
ANNOUNCER: Great job.
ANNOUNCER: From Abby Lee, this is Maddie.
ANNOUNCER: Here we go.
SINGER: ♪ Maestro man, you played me ♪ ♪ When you play me like a song ♪ ♪ Maestro man, you played me ♪ ♪ And you play me all night long ♪ SINGER: ♪ Played me like a...
♪ SINGER: ♪ Maestro man, you play me ♪ ♪ When you play me like a song ♪ I got to go.
ANNOUNCER: From Abby Lee, this is Maddie.
MELISSA: When I saw this gentleman carrying my daughter off, my heart sunk to my stomach.
I got to go.
I got to go.
Excuse me.
And I jumped off the bleachers and I ran to her right away, and I thought she broke a bone.
It was the worst performance I've ever done.
MELISSA: No, don't say that.
Come here.
It's okay.
Honey, it was beautiful.
Honey, I thought you were supposed to do that.
No.
I couldn't really move my leg.
It hurt so bad.
I was nervous if I couldn't dance ever again.
Was Abby mad?
MELISSA: Maddie's so worried that Abby's going to be mad at her because she did so poorly in her dance, which she didn't.
She said, I danced terrible.
MADDIE: I fell on my hip.
-You fell on your hip?
-Yes.
-Where does it hurt?
-Right here.
-Right here?
-Oh, baby.
I was gonna do a diving front walk-over and then I went for it.
Then it didn't work.
WOMAN: Okay.
It's okay, honey.
ABBY: Hey.
It's okay.
MELISSA: She said, Miss Abby's going to be mad at me.
ABBY: I'm not mad at you, sweetie, but you started to dive.
MELISSA: She was going to dive.
-It was too slippery.
-ABBY: I know.
You started to dive, and then in the middle you second-guessed yourself and you went there.
You did a front toss.
MELISSA: Abby came in and she felt so bad for Maddie.
Any blood?
-No, not even a bruise.
-Okay, good.
We'll get up and walk around in just a minute.
ABBY: Good.
See, if you had a big butt and you landed on it, it wouldn't hurt.
-MELISSA: Like me.
- Dancers fall and dancers get hurt.
This may have been Maddie's first fall, but it certainly won't be her last.
Sometimes your ego hurts more than your injury.
Oh, look at how sweet.
Miss Abby, let me get the door.
If any other girl fell, they would not be getting the same reaction from Abby.
Paige, can you get your hair done, please?
KELLY: My kid, it would have been like, "Oh, my God, you embarrass me.
I haven't had a kid do this in 50 years.
ANNOUNCER: We should have Brooke from Kingwood Strutters, but at this time, please welcome to the floor Paige from Abby Lee Dance Company.
WOMAN: Are you ready?
SINGER: ♪ Stand up, here come the boys ♪ ♪ With their weapons of choice ♪ ♪ Here they come through the halls ♪ ♪ You got to make some noise ♪ ♪ Walking under the lights, walls of people, all sides ♪ ♪ Can you feel it tonight?
♪ ♪ You better make some noise...
♪ KELLY: I'm watching Paige do her solo, and I'm just amazed.
Paige rocked that dance.
SINGER: ♪ Everybody get up ♪ ♪ Come on and give them some love ♪ ♪ Raise your voice tonight...
♪ ABBY: Push.
KELLY: Good job.
ANNOUNCER: Great job Paige form Abby Lee.
That's the best she's ever danced.
CHRISTI: All right, come here, Mackenzie.
I can fix you.
WOMAN: I don't care.
KELLY: Good job, baby.
You were great.
That was the best I saw you dance.
ABBY: Hello.
ALL: Hello.
Woo-hoo!
Yay.
Good job.
Paige, how do you think you did?
-Good.
-PAIGE: Good.
I thought you were great.
I thought your energy was up.
I thought you were entertaining.
I thought it was good.
I thought everybody did pretty well.
ANNOUNCER: And now our Junior Solo Awards.
ANNOUNCER: In third place...
from Abby Lee Dance Company, Brooke.
ANNOUNCER: In second place, also from Abby Lee Dance Company, Chloe.
KELLY: Chloe was first runner up, and right then I knew that Paige won.
ANNOUNCER: And our Junior Champion from the Abby Lee Dance Company, Paige.
PAIGE: I'm really happy that I won, because normally Miss Abby doesn't give me a chance to do a solo because she doesn't think I'll win, but this time I proved her wrong.
-My angel!
- Mommy is so proud of you.
I told you you couldn't have danced any better.
So I'm hoping next week at pyramid, it will be a little change.
Paig got a banner!
I don't have much practive at this, huh?
CHRISTI: Paige, you may be at the top of the pyramid.
Hey!
Congratulations!
Woo-hoow!
I may give all my girls a hard time.
I yell at Brooke and Paige like they're my own kids, but I'm really glad that Paige had a shining moment and came out on top.
Girls, you pulled through.
Now everybody here at M&amp;A knows who Abby Lee Dance Company is.
They didn't even know who I was before.
Now, because of your talents and your mother's costuming, they all know who I am, and they respect me, and they were telling me how wonderful you were all behaved, how nice you were and what good kids, and what nice moms you had.
ABBY: That every single dancer got a perfect score on their costumes.
Yay, Mommy.
WOMAN: We all did?
ABBY: Yup, every single one of you.
MELISSA: You're all on the top of the pyramid, the mamas.
ABBY: Yup.
All in all, this was a pretty successful trip.
We came, we saw, we kicked some Texas butt.
There's just one more piece of business I need to take care of.
I am not going to walk out of here letting Jill think her behavior was okay.
No way.
Jill has a choice to make.
Either she stays and plays by the Abby League Dance Company rules or she hits the road and finds another studio.
Jill, I don't want any more outburst like today.
You have a big decision to make.
Don't take it lightly.
Take it very seriously.
Will Kendall continue to dance?
Will you play on our team?
Are you going to do what I say when I say it or not?
Well, that's something Kendall and I will discuss.
