ABBY: Previously on Dance Moms... We are going to Ohio, to her territory. KELLY: With the choreography that Paige has, Kendall is going to be there. Go in there, step up her choreography, so she has the chance to beat Kendall! Jill called me yesterday. She said that she's been driving so far. Here's my violin. I'm so sad for Jill. ABBY: And we came to what? ALL: Chop 'em down! JILL: How can I continue bringing her to you when you can't give her the time of day? -Yay! -ALL: Chop! Chop! Chop! Chop! ABBY: Coming up on Dance Moms... Moms, I'm putting Peyton in the number, and Leslie will be joining us. Hey, ladies, I'm back. ABBY: Is she that dumb that she doesn't know there's a field trip and she's not going on it! Just remember, this is the worst of it. You are nothing but an intimidating bitch! Go ahead and leave. Shoo. Save your tears for the pillow. Just stop. SINGER: ♪ Get up ♪ ♪ Get on the floor ♪ ♪ My world is with my girls ♪ ♪ Living on the dance floor ♪ ABBY: Come on, girls. let's go, let's go, let's go. ♪ Here comes Johnny Appleseed ♪ ALL: Chop, chop, chop, chop! Come on, chop, chop. Chop, chop, moms, get in there. I wouldn't say it was a brilliant weekend, but I would say it was successful. We set out to beat Cathy, the Wicked Witch of the West. And that's what we did. We beat her hands down in every single category. You knocked the apple tree down. All in all, we had a successful weekend in Akron, Ohio, at Next Star and... now I think I'll be in a good mood this week. With that said, I want to get through the pyramid quickly because we have tons of work to do. On the bottom of the pyramid, Paige. You beat Kendall. I'm thrilled with that. You made the top 10. But you need to do the choreography you were taught. You got that, Kelly? You don't change Abby Lee's choreography. Come on. KELLY: Paige did well with my choreography. I don't think there's any way Paige would have won the crown with Abby's choreography. ABBY: Moving on, Mackenzie, you've greatly improved. But if you're going to be in the dance and you're going to know the choreography, you have to pull your weight. Understood? Next, Brooke, you are off probation. BROOKE: I'm happy I'm off probation, because being on Abby's bad side is not a good thing. Where are the stoppers? I'll have them for the competition. -ABBY: Done! -HOLLY: Go get Paige. KELLY: I'm gonna kill-- ABBY: You're finished. Neither of my kids are doing a group dance. You're not doing a solo. Let's go, Brooke. ABBY: Moving up the ladder, Nia. You have really matured. Less than six months ago, you were sitting on your dad's lap in a dressing room bawling your eyeballs out. Don't carry it into the dressing room. You go home, you cry into your pillow, you figure out what you did wrong, and you don't make the same mistakes again. I don't ever want to see that again. That little kid is gone. HOLLY: Nia's growing up. She's maturing. And I have said that, when it begins to click for Nia, you better watch out. ABBY: Moving on, Maddie. You had a big victory last week. All you had to worry about was the group dance. You were excellent. You were right on time with the music and I'm proud of you for that. And on top of the pyramid is my angry bird Chloe. Chloe, you won the costume award for the entire competition. And you made the top 10. Congratulations. Woo! ABBY: I'm very proud of you. I think you could have had a lot more confidence when you started the dance. But when you finished, you certainly made up for it. Moving on, this week, we will be attending Starbound Talent Competition in Atlanta, Georgia. We're going to go to sunny skies and hot weather. Moms, I might even sit on the veranda and have a mint julep with you. Oh, aren't we lucky? HOLLY: Lucky us. The last time we attended Starbound, you lost by 1/10 of a point to that Wicked Witch of the West. And I have never lived it down until this weekend. The behavior by Cathy was out of control. SINGER: ♪ We saw, we came ♪ ♪ We kicked apples ♪ ♪ We saw, we came ♪ My entire reputation has been humiliated. The whole competition was a fiasco. That's not going to happen this time. Do you understand? All the numbers that we're going to do are going to be off the charts. All right. Chloe, you have a solo this week. You will be doing a routine called "Trouble." You need to learn to use the entire stage. You need to jump higher than you've ever jumped. I want to see you larger than life on stage. I'm really excited that Miss Abby gave me a solo this week. And I want to prove to Miss Abby that I do have confidence. Maddie, you're back to work this week. You have a solo in the competition. It's in the lyrical category. And it's entitled, "Mom, It'll Never Be the Same." Now, I also have a trio. The trio is going to be Paige, Nia, and Mackenzie. Trios are the hardest thing to choreograph. So this is going to be a nightmare. The trio is entitled, "Nothing's Gonna Stop Us." And I hope nothing does stop you. Let's move on to the group dance. The group number it's titled, "All Kids Go." We're talking about our childhood going away. We're talking about Brooke leaving the eighth grade and going to high school. She's a teenager now. Everybody is in the group dance except Mackenzie. The nature of the dance is a little mature for you. I'm really bummed that I'm not in the group dance this week because I like dancing with the big girls. Since I'm not using Mackenzie, I need to bring somebody in that looks like a teenager, that the judges see instantly as older than the rest of you. So moms, look out. I'm putting Peyton in the number, and Leslie will be joining us. The moms and I don't like whenever Abby brings somebody new into the team. I think our team works great the way it is. I don't think that we need anybody else to come into our group. ABBY: I have one more piece of news. You're going to be auditioning for a TV show. And that TV show is... Drop Dead Diva. This week I got a casting call from the casting agent at Drop Dead Diva. They are looking for a little girl to play a dancer. Moms, you're gonna put them on camera and actually send the film to LA. I know they're calling other dance studios, other dance companies. But I want my girls to do their very best. They better put their best foot forward. Ladies, up, spread apart. Let's warm up. I like your shoes. Are they new? Ugh, they are so old. What is up with this TV thing? MELISSA: It'll probably be like, one line, you know? I think it's a great opportunity for our girls. I think that, you know, if one of them gets the part and they actually are on a TV show, I think that opens so many doors for them. CHRISTI: I would love to see our kids pull this off. ABBY: Come on, Peyton, we're ready to start. She is not even part of our group. CHRISTI: Because she will be the star of this dance, just like she was the star of the last dance. Chloe's at the top of the pyramid this week. -Why isn't she the featured dancer? -MELISSA: Mm-hmm. Is this is the first time that Peyton and Brooke -are dancing together with this group? -Yes. HOLLY: I struggle with the idea that Peyton gets to join that group on a temporary basis. And every time she joins the group, she becomes a featured dancer. That's gonna be an interesting dynamic. ABBY: Peyton, you will be traveling to Atlanta, Georgia with us. -Are you ready for that? -Absolutely. Can you keep your mother under control? Well, I'm expecting Leslie to come up here and be combative. She scares me. I'm sorry. Hey, ladies. I'm back. I am so thrilled to see Leslie again because she's so cordial. She doesn't scream at you. And she really does keep her opinions to herself. I'm so sick of Christ sitting up here trying to belittle and put my daughter down. -Listen-- -Shut your face. LESLIE: Hi, ladies. -KELLY: Hello. -You're awfully quiet. ABBY: Girls, we have three days till we are on a plane headed to Starbound. The last time we attended Starbound, we got 10th place. And I was humiliated. So this is my redemption tour. We're going back to win big. Let's do it. We are doing a piece called "All Kids Go." Hit. Hit. Plié! It's very dark. It's elegant, classic, beautiful. Everybody big! There you go. Do you see that intricate way of moving? Do you see how captivating it is? You have to be a special performer to get the audience to shut up. She is so excited. She really deserves this. This is great for her. CHRISTI: Leslie will not shut up. Seriously, just hearing her voice makes me want to poke my own eye out. LESLIE: Where's Mackenzie? Is she not in this? KELLY: Peyton's replacing Mackenzie this week. Mackenzie's not mature enough to be in this. Well, she should not be replacing anybody. She should be a permanent dancer. Who's doing solos this week? MELISSA: Chloe and Maddie. LESLIE: Maybe she'll let Peyton do a solo. If everyone else is doing a solo or a duet or a trio, why not? CHRISTI: Leslie's been here for like a total of, what, five minutes? And here she is not only thinking that Peyton can join the group dance but she's gonna have a solo. Seriously? Maybe she'll let her. It won't hurt to ask. CHRISTI: I don't know where Leslie gets off thinking she can just waltz in here and say Peyton deserves a solo. I can tell this is going to be a really long week. CATHY: Hey, moms, dancers! What do you guys think? It's nice. This room is totally dedicated just for you guys. Now, I'm just filled with big news today, everybody. I don't think that we're going to be seeing Kendall anymore. Her mother made a great decision to decide to leave. Jill has decided to leave Candy Apples Dance Center because I'm not giving Kendall enough time. JILL: But if you can't give my student enough time, how can I continue to keep bringing her to you? She should have stuck around to see what we had to offer. We don't have any competitions coming up right this very moment. But I received a phone call from a casting agent who wants you girls to read for the show "Drop Dead Diva." Doesn't that sound like fun? I beg. Do not make me do it. Excuse me, ladies, you're all here to audition. I'm going to take you in one at a time. I want you to memorize those lines. Today we're going to record our auditions for "Drop Dead Diva." I'm really nervous about it because I know they're calling other dance studios in the area too. -ABBY: Hello. -Hello. -How are you today? -Good, how are you? Good. I'm gonna have you stand right here. Look into the camera. I really hope I get this part because I think it would be fun to be on a TV show and see the set and everything. TAYLOR: Hi, my name is Taylor, and I'm auditioning "fer"-- -CATHY: For! -TAYLOR: Yeah, for what? -Yeah, for--you tell me for what. - Now take it from the top. Stop. I--I'm done. - -Chloe. -Hello? -Sorry, that was-- Okay, take 2. It's all right. No, it's not! I--it was too hard. I really hope I get the part on Drop Dead Diva because it's just like winning the lottery. And I think that's really cool. -Choreography. -VIVI: Chor-- Choreography. I can't say it. Use another dancer. I'm done! TAYLOR: Use another dancer. I'm done. -Where should I go? -Go. Out. Okay, very nice audition. -Thank you. -Thank you. You can go. I think that my girls did an outstanding job today. I think that one of my girls is gonna get it, maybe Paige, maybe Maddie. But that's not up to me now, is it? It's up to the casting doctor. MELISSA: Happy birthday! CHRISTI: Cheers to the circle of impenetrable bitches. KELLY: Today I'm going to lunch with all the other moms and we're going to discuss my birthday party. I certainly don't want to have a boring party. So we got to like, do all of our plans. I think we should have like, a signature drink at our party. I have a signature drink, -mommy juice. -Mommy juice. -CHRISTI: And I'm pissed at you. -Why? Why would you invite Leslie to your party? -Well, what are we gonna do? -CHRISTI: Why wouldn't you have waited? Have it on Thursday, and then like, Friday us go away -and be like the party. -CHRISTI: Yes. I'm inviting Leslie to my party because, you know, we didn't invite her to lunch. So I feel like even though the other moms don't like her, I feel like I have to invite her. I think Leslie is the ultimate stage mother. Oh, she is. KELLY: Oh, I think she's way more cutthroat than Jill was. CHRISTI: She will knock you down and steal your teeth if it means that her kid will get a part over yours. Abby and Leslie are very similar creatures. They want to be dominant. They want to be the boss. They want to be in control. And they want to tell you exactly what you need to think. I actually have--I have some news. Chloe is gonna miss rehearsal tonight. -Oh. -And I have not told Abby. Because I sent her away on her school field trip that's overnight. Last week I let Chloe go to the movies. I think me telling Abby that Chloe is not gonna be at rehearsal tonight is gonna go down like the Titanic. ABBY: Okay, ladies, we have lots to do. We're ready to start rehearsal. I walk into the den to gather the girls. I look around, and I figure Chloe's just in the ladies room. Late last night, I decided to let Chloe go on her school field trip. She's not here this evening. She'll be back tomorrow morning. She made a commitment to this group. You as a parent also made a commitment to this group. Yeah, and I made a commitment to Chloe's education, and this is a school field trip. I'm livid. We've got a big weekend ahead of us, and Chloe's not even at rehearsal. Do they not want to go to Starbound this weekend, or do they just not want to win? Why didn't she tell me yesterday? CHRISTI: Because she didn't know. I think you're lying. I think you knew she was going all the time and you want to make it seem like you made this last-minute decision. -No, I didn't. -You're a snake and a liar, and you're raising your kid to be the same exact thing. Even though Chloe went on the school field trip, it was really important that I be in attendance at rehearsals this evening. Because it's my job to protect my kid from the evil dance teacher. You should have told me ahead of time. CHRISTI: You're acting like a lunatic because school has taken priority for once. It's not school. It's a field trip. -It's a camping trip. -It's school! ABBY: Go to to freakin' Girl Scouts and go camping. Is she that dumb that she doesn't know there's a field trip and she's not going on it? I'm gonna pretend you didn't call my daughter dumb. Chloe is not present because she went away on a school trip. I would love for Peyton to do a solo. Why not? They all said that they have solos and there's a trio. And I just won-- can she do a solo this weekend? Sure, Peyton, you're on. Like, wow, Leslie, the body's not even cold and you're already swooping in. Girls, remember, we have two days to clean the number, perfect it. -And it's not even finished yet. -CHRISTI: You know what? I don't give a crap what Abby thinks because it's none of her concern. Don't you call somebody dumb and stupid because they want to expand their horizons. Well, I wasn't taking anybody's spot. I wanted Peyton to be added onto the roster whether Chloe was doing a solo or not. So-- KELLY: So is Peyton going to learn a new dance? I don't understand why you are questioning Peyton's solo. I don't have-- I don't have a question with it. I'm just asking, is she learning a new dance? -Is it because-- -Did I not speak to you, Leslie? Nobody else is asking about Peyton's solo? KELLY: So what! Even if Peyton didn't get a solo this week, Kelly would have found something else to yell about. That's just what she does. Maddie's solo is exquisite. SINGER: ♪ Stay with me ♪ ABBY: I've been holding on to this music for a long time now because I wanted Maddie to be mature enough. Now, the choreography is fabulous. But the story needs to be there. I need you to convey that message, that Mom, it's never gonna be the same again. All right. Out of all my numbers this week, the trio has been the hardest to block. I have three different ages I'm dealing with here. The name of your routine is "There's Nothing Gonna Stop Us." It's fast. It's peppy. Say it. ALL: Nothing's gonna stop us! They need energy. And these three slugs don't have it. SINGER: ♪ Come on, can you feel it, make your move ♪ ♪ Get your friend on the floor, together you can groove ♪ You took all-- look up the room you took up. Right here, you should land right here in the middle of that mirror, yes? Not all the way over there behind Paige. Girls, this is why you never get a group routine. If you could pick it up and do it right the first time, I can do it. Continue. The girls individually can do every stunt pretty well. But the three of them together, not going so well. SINGER: ♪ Your black heart ♪ ♪ So... ♪ She put Peyton in Chloe's spot. Chloe has to be in the dance because-- CHRISTI: No, no, Chloe's in the dance, but she's no longer in her good spot. ABBY: I don't even miss Chloe. I'm really glad that I allowed Chloe to go on her field trip. However, I am a nervous wreck. I would never really admit this to Abby, but like, Chloe not being here, as much as I wanted her to go, -does stress me out a little bit. -Sure. CHRISTI: I think she'll be fine. But it's still stressful for me. She does pick up very well. MELISSA: Very easy. Sometimes. -ABBY: Hi. -Hello. Hello, girls. Go ahead and get ready, girls. Abby, I wanted to see if I could talk to. You keep bringing Peyton into the group. Why does she get to come in and get a solo, when Nia, Paige, Kenzie do this every weekend? You know they want to do it or they wouldn't be here. Peyton wants to work. She wants to be gone every weekend. These kids could care less. KELLY: My daughter is here every single practice. I--it's my dance company. That's fine. You'll lose more students. I think we all know that Abby is gonna continue to keep bringing Leslie and Peyton into our group. So I think we have come to the decision that, if we want to get rid of them, we need to do it ourselves. ABBY: We have one day to clean it, perfect it, time it. So let's go. Finish that. Don't think about 3. Think about 4. Push! That's bad. Back of the knee, lock it! PEYTON: I'm really happy Abby gave me a solo this week called "Eternally." We only have a certain amount of time to learn it, and I'm not used to it like these girls are. CHRISTI: What was the discussion you were having with our fearless leader? I was just asking why Peyton was allowed to do a solo when three of our kids who are part of the group didn't get a solo. If these people want to waste their time just worrying about what another mother's daughter is getting, let them do it. It's not for me. I didn't think it was that much of a crime to ask Abby if my daughter can do a solo since everybody else was doing one. KELLY: We really don't appreciate you coming into our group and changing our words and telling us how your daughter deserves to be in the group more than ours, just like your daughter came into our greenroom and told her she was better than us. I thought that I was better than most of the people for all around. ABBY: You thought were better than most of the people in this group? Hmm. LESLIE: Your daughter has a trio. Does anybody make you happy? These women don't respect anything. They're never happy. They're not happy if somebody is not in the number. They're not happy if somebody is in the number. They're not happy if they're not getting a trio. But when they get the trio, they're not happy if somebody gets a solo while they get the trio. It's ridiculous. CHLOE: Coming back to the studio after my camping trip, I'm a little bit nervous to see Miss Abby and see what she has to say to me. Just remember, this is worst of it. And wasn't it fun? Wasn't last night worth it, with the campfire and the hiking? Yeah? Okay. Chloe's back from her school camping trip and she's really nervous to go talk to Abby. She's afraid that Abby is gonna cut her dance from the competition. I won't let her do anything wicked to you. Just let it go in one ear and out the other. Well, our little forest ranger's back. She missed rehearsal yesterday, and I really should pull her solo. But she's on top of the pyramid this week. So I want to see if Chloe can remember it. The name of your routine is "Trouble." And you're kind of in trouble today. Anything that has to do with school is fine. But you just told me yourself today that some kids didn't go on the trip and it was optional. I mean, really? I can't even believe she had the nerve to show up. -What's the title of this dance? -"Trouble" because, you know, Chloe and trouble are synonyms. ABBY: We should have done the standing back tuck on upside down. Her mother thinks she can. I am really excited to do my solo this week. I think Miss Abby's putting a lot of pressure on me. Your teachers have you from 7:30 in the morning, then I get you. So don't sign up for anything else. If it's at night, you can't do it. I'm impressed. Chloe knew her solo and I think it's a winner. I knew she could do it. I knew she was gonna know it. You're finished. Thank you. KELLY: Hello! I brought your two favorite things, mineral water and abs. You know, this was my 41st birthday, and alls I wanted to do was have a good time. CHRISTI: That's called a Bitch Brew. HOLLY: Everybody has a nice little dainty Lolita glass, and I have like a jug. We're having so much fun at Kelly's house right now. You know, we're just relaxing. -We're not bitching. - -Ah! -HOLLY: The truth comes out. CHRISTI: It's just kind of a-- it's a nice evening. Maybe we'll get lucky and Leslie won't come. I really don't have a problem with Leslie. CHRISTI: Oh, my God, yes, you do. You lie like a rug. KELLY: I just don't like how Leslie comes in and, like, we have seniority here. Our girls work their butts off every week. And Peyton just walks in and gets to do a solo. I don't think she earned it. Oh, somebody's here. Oh, how are you? It's Leslie. We thought you gave up on us. Well, I did get lost. Whatever, Leslie. -Oh, don't start. -Whatever. How many drinks have you had? KELLY: Leslie's been fighting with all the moms this week. So when she came into my party, I wasn't really excited to see her. Are you gonna bully us? Because I feel like every time we're up in the viewing room... -Yeah? -...every time we say something, -you're like, jumping down our throats. -You know I just talk loud. My voice gets loud. It's not bullying. It's how I talk. I'm here to enjoy myself this week and to watch the girls and enjoy them dance. -And everyone really claims... - -KELLY: ...bullied all week. -I'm loud. I'm loud. I felt like I've been dealing with it all week. I really don't-- You told me to shut up quite a few times. Well, because sometimes I just wish you would. CHRISTI: Well, I wish you would. -Okay. -CHRISTI: I really wish you would. HOLLY: Well, I take bullying very seriously. And I do too. And I'm not doing it. So I'm just so sick of you guys accusing me of it. I think what the issue is, at times, Leslie, is that the tone of what you're saying, it's very intense. You're sitting here listening to this woman, this drunk, say what she's saying and you're still-- Call me a drunk again. I guess I just got a little sick and tired of her constant telling us why she belongs, why Peyton belongs, why we need to accept her, why we need to like her. You know what? I have a whole list of reasons why I don't. And I need to let you know. I can't tell you how many have said that they have seen you at competitions standing there with your beer bottle and your cigarette. You are nothing but an intimidating bitch. I don't know if I was pissed that Leslie had been treating us crappy all week or that she was ruining the party. All I know is I didn't want to see her face any longer. Shoo. Go away. Guess what? You got it. I think we're a really hard group to be accepted into because we've been together for so long and we have so much history. -MELISSA: Oh, don't. -KELLY: Don't cry. Oh, don't. But if you want to be accepted into the group, stop telling us everything you hate about us and why our kids are rotten people. It was my party and I cried if I want to. -Yeah! - -CHRISTI: Goodnight. -KELLY: What a fabulous birthday that was. CHRISTI: You know what? Leslie's a bitch. ABBY: This is it, girls. -Best behavior, do you understand? -GIRL: Yes. ABBY: Mackenzie, no tricks in the lobby. We've arrived in Atlanta, Georgia, for the Starbound competition. Woohoo! Oh, I could have worn fancy shoes. Maddie has a new solo to do. Chloe has a new solo to do. It's going to be exciting. Chloe, here is your costume. My last hurrah at Starbound was not so fabulous. ♪ We saw, we came, we kicked apples ♪ ♪ We saw... ♪ My entire reputation has been humiliated. That's not gonna happen again. I want to win. I want to win big. So you're good, yes? -CHLOE: I'm not nervous at all. -See? Maybe I should send Chloe to the woods every week. She just said, I'm not nervous at all. Usually she's like-- Well, you know what, forest ranger? Come on. Get over here, Yogi Bear, because there was 100 things wrong with that. Well, don't try to make her nervous. You said you don't want her to be nervous. No, I don't want her to be nervous. I want her to win. Abby was blaming me for stressing Chloe out before she goes on stage. But really, if you look at things, it's probably Abby that stresses Chloe out before she goes on stage, because she's constantly barking things at her. ABBY: You ready, Chlo? -Okay. -CHRISTI: Let's go. Let's. Christie and I are walking to our seats to go watch the girls perform, and who is in the hallway but the wicked bitch Leslie. CHRISTI: What are you doing here? LESLIE: Did you really think I was gonna allow you guys to intimidate me not to come? I don't think we were trying to intimidate you. Like, you attacked us all week. LESLIE: Okay, listen. We're here because when we start something we finish it. I don't care what you think. That is just I in team. You know what, Leslie? -You're not a member of this team. -LESLIE: You're wrong. Just like your daughter's here to dance, -Peyton's here to dance because-- -CHRISTI: Where is Peyton? -She's in the greenroom. -Good for you, Leslie. Go ahead. Go to the greenroom. -LESLIE: You're witches. - -KELLY: Thank you. -CHRISTI: Well, it takes one to know one. Careful someone doesn't drop a house on you. I think it's pretty safe to say that, considering that I had quite a blowup at Leslie, the dressing room isn't exactly going to be like, full of warm and fuzzies. CHLOE: Even though I went on the camping trip, I'm still confident that I had enough rehearsal time and that I'm confident in my performance. Woo! SINGER: ♪ Feeling numb ♪ ♪ Feeling high ♪ ♪ Feeling all the things ♪ ♪ Money just can't buy ♪ SINGER: ♪ Wake me up if it gets too much ♪ ♪ I'm living on cloud 9 ♪ ♪ Where everything is fine ♪ ♪ But I'm in trouble ♪ - -SINGER: ♪ And I'm not sleeping ♪ ♪ My world is turning upside down ♪ ♪ With the company I'm keeping ♪ ♪ But I'm in trouble ♪ ♪ And I'm not sleeping ♪ -♪ My world is turning upside down ♪ -Woo! SINGER: ♪ Upside down ♪ ♪ Company I'm keeping ♪ ABBY: Chloe was wonderful. And that's because she's had years and years and years of training. CHRISTI: I went on stage this week with a new confidence and I killed it. That's what I'm gonna do every week. ANNOUNCER: Judges, next up, number 2,0003, "Mom, It'll Never Be the Same." SINGER: ♪ Stay with me ♪ ♪ Don't be afraid to look me in the eye ♪ ♪ You're sad ♪ ♪ Remember when you told me ♪ ♪ We'd be all right? ♪ ♪ Don't lie ♪ ♪ I know I'm the one here ♪ ♪ Who's to blame ♪ ♪ For letting us go ♪ ♪ I'm a part of you to stay ♪ ♪ It hurts too much I can't let go... ♪ ♪ No, no, no ♪ ♪ Although I'm the one here who's to blame ♪ -♪ But... ♪ - I felt very good about my solo when I walked offstage. Thanks. I'm shaking a little bit. And I thought Chloe also did great. It just makes me so happy when I watch her. CHRISTI: There you are. You didn't freak yourself out. I'm so proud of you! You should be proud of yourself, kiddo. Good job. Maddie, it was so emotional on stage. -It was wonderful. -ABBY: Woohoo! Yay! Where are they? Good girl. Mwah. Where's Chloe? -Thank you. -Beautiful. Abby just hugged Chloe after a dance. You're going to camp every week. No, you're never going to camp again. I don't know. ABBY: Christi had to keep stirring the pot. Christi, it's not about you. You're not the dance teacher. Even though you think you are, you're not. Trio, let's go. Out of all my numbers this week, the trio has been the hardest to block. I hope when those girls get out on stage, they pull it together. Come on, girls. I'm really excited to do the trio. But I'm very nervous about doing my front aerial. ANNOUNCER: All right, judges, number 2,0001, "Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now." Go. Their music starts. I'm looking into the wings and I can't see Mackenzie. I'm like, Mackenzie, get out of the wings. Get out of the wings. SINGER: ♪ Step off. step back turn around, stop ♪ ♪ When you work together, you can make it to the top ♪ ♪ Nothing's gonna stop us ♪ ♪ We'll make it if we want it ♪ ♪ Together, you and me we got energy ♪ ♪ Energy, energy ♪ ♪ It's friends forever ♪ ♪ You and me together ♪ ♪ We've got energy, energy, energy ♪ ♪ Ooh, we got energy, energy, energy ♪ ABBY: They did not do a good job. I would be surprised if the trio does anything at all. MACKENZIE: I was worried because I think Abby's gonna be really mad at me. The whole dance for me was horrible. -Don't say that. -You guys did great. I was looking at you, you guys, the whole time. She's gonna be yelling at me the most. We all missed something. It's not just you, Nia. Well, whenever we go in, just don't say anything to Miss Abby. Don't say if we did good or bad. I think it was bad because I'm the littlest and I came in the group. I messed up a lot of things. PAIGE: We're gonna be in trouble. A lot. -KELLY: Hey, girls. -Good job. Uh-oh. What's wrong? NIA: All of us were really nervous after the trio because everybody knew that they did something wrong. And all of us we're nervous that Miss Abby was gonna yell at us. ABBY: How about the trio? It was a little disappointing. I thought it started off a little rocky. Mackenzie, you have to learn to listen to the music. The judges did not like that number. Well, they didn't like that number, or they didn't like Nia falling on her butt right in front of their face, center stage. Did Abby forget so quickly that Maddie missed pretty much the same trick a few weeks ago? And the reaction from Abby is totally different. -All right, Peyton-- -Let's go. PEYTON: I'm really nervous. I didn't feel I had enough preparation to learn the solo. ANNOUNCER: This is a Jazz 13 and 14. SINGER: ♪ Those words you said have turned from black to gray ♪ ♪ You're still here, eternally ♪ ♪ I'm still seeing the ♪ I think Peyton did well for her not being properly prepared and not having a lot of rehearsal time. -Good? -Yeah. Leslie, how was Peyton? LESLIE: She got no practice time, so-- You know what, Leslie? I don't want to hear it. -You asked for the solo... -LESLIE: She didn't get any. -...we threw it at her. -She didn't get any practice time. ABBY: When you got to an audition, do you get time to go practice on it? No, you learn it right there, and you do it in front of the producers and the director. All the moms need to zip it. It's my way or the highway. And that's the way it's gonna be. And if you don't like it... Kelly, remember when you came down to the desk and asked me about, why is Peyton here? No, I didn't ask why she's here. I asked why she was doing a solo. I think that the other girls in the group should have been offered a solo before Peyton was. LESLIE: All I did was ask. That's all. We already know that they don't want us here. So if the group number doesn't do well, I have to be honest, I will feel guilty that they will blame it on Peyton. Do you want to know why the kids and us don't want Peyton here? Because you bully them. Save your tears for the pillow. Don't talk to me like that. I'm an adult. Right. So you shouldn't be sitting here boohooing. And look at those three over there. What in God's name would you care what they think? Who are they? They are nobody. Just stop. CHRISTI: I really hope that this is the last we see of Leslie. I mean, she's hard to take. And we've taken a lot of her lately. The last group number we did at Starbound, you came in 10th. If I'm sitting in that audience and come in 10th, put supportive shoes on because you'll be walking back to Pittsburgh. I'm really worried about this group number. The concept is very interesting and I love the message they're trying to get across. But will the audience understand it? Who knows. ANNOUNCER: Next up, number 2,000 SINGER: ♪ The lights go down ♪ ♪ It's your time ♪ ♪ You play ♪ I wasn't even looking at the girls dancing. I was just watching an amazing performance. ABBY: They were right on the money. I thought it was a great performance. The last time we were at Starbound, we were 10th. 10th? And I was humiliated. And I came back to Starbound to clear the name of the Abby Lee Dance Company. You ready for the top 10 junior soloists, folks? Fourth place, give it up for "Trouble." It's Chloe from Abby Lee Miller Studio-- Dance Studio. I actually thought that Chloe danced better than fourth place. Do I think that she deserved first? No, I'm not saying that. But I was a little surprised that she got fourth. Our top overall junior soloist, drumroll please. "Mom, It'll Never Be the Same," Maddie from Abby Lee Dance Company! I was really surprised when they announced Maddie as first place because she was in the 9 to 12-year-old category. And she's nine. And she won, I think, by 4 points, which I've never seen at a competition. You guys ready to hear your top team... novice soloist? Second place with a 288, "Eternally." It's Peyton. LESLIE: Did Peyton want a higher medal? Absolutely she wanted a higher medal. But you know what? I'm not gonna break her down. I'm proud that she accomplished what she did this weekend. Top five junior duet trios, in fifth place, "Nothing's Gonna Stop Us," it's Nia, Paige, and Mackenzie from Abby Lee Dance Company. Step on up, ladies. ABBY: The trio came in fifth because they did not do a good job. I think they were tired. And it didn't go over as well as I had hoped. In my hands right here, we have the top junior group. Your top overall and junior group winner, with a score of 293, please make some noise for... "All Kids Go," Abby Lee Dance Company! Here they are. Woohoo! The ALDC is back, and we are a force to be reckoned with. -Woo! -So excited! -We beat over 80 numbers. -Woo! We got first place overall for our group dance. And I really think that that lends itself to the fact that we were amazing. I don't think you could pull it apart because you were too busy watching it. It was just pretty. I think we should keep all of us in the group. And Brooke and I, because this is the first time I've won with you guys. Aw. LESLIE: It does feel good. Congratulations! Yay! No one's gonna hug me? Yay! Woo, we won first place with our group number. Yeah, ooh, yeah. I'm proud of the kids. They did what they needed to do. And moms, you chased away Cathy. You chased away Jill. And now you're after Leslie. I never want to hear another word about bringing another child onto this competition team. When you start messing with my livelihood, that's when the curtain closes. And I'll start messing with your kid. Learn that.
