ABBY: Previously on Dance Moms...
Uh-oh.
She just twisted her ankle.
If it gets worse, we have to pull her.
Everybody else has to learn to adjust.
I think that's what she's afraid of.
We're talking about what you enable to happen.
I don't want to dance here anymore, Maddie.
I'm sick of it.
Melissa plays the "I'm so nice" part, and she's the sneakiest, most underhanded person of them all.
ABBY: I'm sitting in my seat watching Chloe on stage.
Boom, forgets another part.
Don't set them up to be okay to fail.
Coming up on Dance Moms...
We are here in New York City.
You're going to be going to the Joffrey Ballet School.
You guys need to fight for this.
Don't you hear it?
Hi!
ABBY: This is about your kid having an audition tomorrow and her brain not being in her head.
You don't respect me and you don't respect these girls.
-CATHY: Talk to her as well.
-You've just got to now focus, please.
ABBY: My entire reputation is humiliated.
Shh, shh, shh.
Abby's going to hate me.
Your kids and fine without me.
SINGER: ♪ Get up ♪ ♪ Get on the floor ♪ ♪ My world is with my girls ♪ ♪ Living on the dance floor ♪ ABBY: All right, here we are.
Let's go.
This week the girls and I are in New York City to rehearse for a Joffrey Ballet audition.
Come on, ladies.
Let's go.
For these little girls, this is a chance of a lifetime.
I don't want to see any of them blow it.
This competition season has been extremely tough and extremely rewarding, but I think the kids are ready for whatever New York City has to offer.
They want to show their own talents and I think this is a great opportunity.
Girls, this is the big time.
We are here in New York City in the dance Mecca of the world right here.
And I want you to take it all in.
Everybody you pass on that street probably took a dance lesson at some point in their life.
Do you understand that?
Yes, there's a lot of kids that win competitions, a lot of kids who get crowns on their heads, and there's a handful that make it in the industry.
Remember that.
I want to talk about Michigan first.
We are not going to win a group dance until everybody in this group is on the same level.
PRESENTER: Number 1A, "Wipe Them Out," Star Dance Studio.
When parts of the choreography are in unison, you all need to be in unison.
That's what it means.
Last week, these girls lost again.
They were sloppy.
Their timing was off.
They need to bond as a group.
It's not always about your solos.
It's about that group, and you need to learn the dance in a group.
If you don't apply the corrections, you're not going to improve.
And that's the issue.
Until they realize that, it's not going to happen.
Now, on with the pyramid.
Luckily the pyramid found its way to Manhattan.
Yay.
On the bottom of the pyramid...
is Paige.
Did you correct the arms?
Yes.
Did you put the phone away?
No.
She gets no credit for doing her back tuck or her press or-- -Credit?
-It's her phone.
KELLY: I thought watching Paige in the group number, I thought she did great.
I just don't think that Abby gives her enough credit.
She always sticks her in the back and doesn't pay attention to her, and I think she can hold her own.
I think she's fine in the group.
ABBY: Next, Mackenzie.
You can improv if you're early on the music in a solo.
But when you do it in a trio and you don't tell the other two partners to do it ahead of time, you make them look like idiots because you were out there, woo, shaking it up.
Understood?
Next, Chloe.
Time to face the music.
Forgot your routine.
SINGER: ♪ Remain when watercolors fade ♪ You're not seven anymore.
You're 10 years old.
You can't make up your own thing and wait to get back onto the music when 35 other dancers are doing the right thing.
That's a pink slip.
That's the unemployment line.
Understood?
Next, Nia.
You hurt your foot.
You worked through it.
It all worked out.
However, it's the technique.
And it's like we tell you over and over, it's up to you.
Do you want to fix it?
Do you want to make it better?
Then you will.
Understood?
Next, we have Brooke.
Brooke, you did what you needed to do.
But you always just do what you needed to do.
I want to see more from you.
I'd love to give her more, but Miss Abby spends all her time with all the other girls.
And on top again is Maddie.
I challenge you to keep winning your solos because you pick up quickly.
MELISSA: No big surprise.
For the fifth week in a row, Maddie reigns supreme at the top of the pyramid.
I want to talk about after the competition.
The scout from the Joffrey Ballet School came to our dressing room.
They chose the Abby Lee Dance Company.
The Joffrey Ballet School has huge history here.
Robert Joffrey started the school in 1953.
There are people from all over the world coming here to train.
You're going to be going to the Joffrey School with some of the most prestigious instructors in all of New York.
Throughout the year, Joffrey auditions over 20,000 dancers for their Summer Intensive program, and they only give a handful of scholarships away.
If one of my girls would get those scholarships, that would just be another feather in my cap.
The judges that are judging you are three instructors at the Joffrey School.
They're going to look at feet, turnout, body lines.
Everything you've learned up until this point is going to come into play in this audition.
MELISSA: I have to tell you that I'm very nervous for our girls to be auditioning for the Joffrey Ballet School simply because our girls don't get a lot of ballet anymore, so I hope that they don't embarrass themselves.
You guys need to fight for this.
We have to work on a ballet combination today.
We have to work on a short presentation for each one of you to do when you go into that audition.
I expected you to look like ballerinas.
I'm shocked at the way you're dressed.
Here you are in New York City going to a professional dance studio.
You never know who's going to be there.
You never know who's going to see you.
You always want to look your best.
You're going to have a pinks tights on.
You're going to have a leotard on.
You're going to have your hair in a bun.
So moms, you're going to have to go out, you're going to have to hit the dance wear store, and I want them looking like ballerinas.
The look is half the battle.
Mommy's not going to be there.
Abby's not going to be in there.
It's you.
You either sink or swim.
And please don't embarrass me.
CHLOE: It's a really big deal to dance at the Joffrey Ballet School, especially when you're young.
Performing for a huge audience actually doesn't really get me that nervous, but performing for like three of-- like amazing ballerinas, it's-- that's a little nerve-racking.
ABBY: In addition to our rehearsals for this ballet audition, we are also going to be working on a number.
You heard that right.
So we will be attending Starbound Competition in Paramus, New Jersey.
And the competition is going to be fierce.
I've had it with these girls.
We are going to Starbound this weekend and they have a reputation to uphold.
They are reigning national champions.
I expect them to win, and they're going to do it.
Ladies, our group routine this week is about a very serious topic.
Again?
Let me just say, each one of you is in jail.
I had a brilliant idea to do kind of a take on an old number from the Broadway show Chicago.
But I want to water it down for nine, ten, eleven-year-olds.
So they're like jailbirds.
It's dark, it's a bit avant-garde, and it's going to be fun.
It's very weird being in jail because I've never been there before.
Chloe, you just came off a solo.
You forgot your routine.
You got to get right back on that horse.
You're going to be doing a solo this weekend.
Maddie, you've been undefeated for the last few weeks, so I'm challenging you once again to do a solo at Starbound.
This might be the busiest week of your life.
CHRISTI: Abby bit off more than she could chew last week with trios and solos and group dances, and this week we're doing group dances and solos and the Joffrey audition.
Can't we just focus on one thing?
ABBY: I know that I'm putting the pressure on you.
But you know what?
There's a time for pressure and it's right now.
You are representing the Abby Lee Dance Company.
You are representing 32 years of history.
Do you understand that?
Don't blow it.
CATHY: Girls, come on in.
I have a really spectacular announcement that I want to make.
I found out that Joffrey Ballet is having open auditions in my most favorite city in the world.
KIDS: New York.
New York.
I've got a lot of work that I have to do.
I think that we are completely ready to go up against some of Abby's dancers and audition for a scholarship to Joffrey.
We're going to hit the audition, and then we're going to New Jersey because Starbound is there.
Is Abby going to be there?
CATHY: Yeah, pressure's on, Miss Kendall.
There's probably going to be more and more events that we run into Abby.
That's just the way it is.
I think that we probably have better ballet training than they do, but we'll see.
Abby is way stuck in vaudeville.
She's still dancing on a 1940s stage with her mom, and we have a wonderful routine that is very heartfelt that I think that finally we may be able to beat Abby with this number.
And go.
One, two, three.
Two, two, three.
Boom!
ABBY: Pick out something from one of your solos, something that is amazing that you do better than anybody else does.
But the Abby Lee Dance Company is going to concentrate on two main things, the Joffrey Ballet audition, and the very next day the Starbound competition.
I don't think that you understand quite how important this is.
I mean, you cannot go in there and look like a slacker.
I think just walking into the Joffrey School is going to be tough on these kids.
They are not little Trinas.
They don't take ballet class every single day all day long, so I think it's going to be intimidating, I think they're going to be frightened, I think they're going to be a nervous wreck, and I just hope their mothers are frightened and nervous and keep their mouths closed.
You're going in front of people that have had great careers.
You don't want to walk in there and be the big joke that they're going to laugh at when they go home tonight.
HOLLY: Everyone feels on edge.
We have this audition coming up and the girls do not have a lot of ballet background.
There's more pressure than normal this week.
ABBY: And where do you think an arabesque should be?
Down here where yours is?
No.
At least parallel to the floor.
And you can't do a crash course on this.
No, we're not fitting all of our ballet training in for the past two years in this hour class.
ABBY: How did that look?
-Better?
-MOMS: Uh-hmm.
Keep going.
This has to stop.
But it keeps falling down.
I know, but that's why you wear a leotard that fits you correctly.
Abby, is it possible that, um, you could give us some ideas when we go to look for the appropriate black leotard if there are certain types of leotards we should be looking for that complement each of their body styles?
Not saying that we can find them, but we might stand a better chance.
You want your legs to look long and your body-- your torso to look short.
This is a cute outfit and she's wearing it and it's not giving her a problem.
However, this would be more appropriate.
MELISSA: Wow, yeah.
ABBY: Even from the side.
HOLLY: I'll be honest with you.
I'm not really sure what a New York City look is for a dancer, so if she has this vision, it's her responsibility to communicate that because otherwise we can't prepare them for what she has in mind.
All this stuff is really taking away from her dancing, and it's all about selling that outfit.
All of you stop with these crazy outfits.
MELISSA: Ooh, I'm so excited!
I wonder if this is a flagship store.
CHRISTI: If we can find a way to quiet Abby down, let's do it.
Let's go shopping for black leotards so tomorrow we don't have to hear it.
We're looking for black leos that have really high cuts for kids.
Now I'm feeling a little pressured, overwhelmed.
Abby wants us to get special leotards and we don't have any time in the day to do so.
WOMAN: That's too basic?
-She wants something a little more-- -Well, just prettier.
We didn't know we were supposed to bring 900 black leotards.
CHRISTI: I brought two.
She's so particular about what fits and what doesn't and the color.
Do you think those leotards are going to satisfy Abby?
CHRISTI: The shopping trip went well.
We were able to each find a leotard for the girls.
They were solid.
We got our pink tights and our ballet slippers so hopefully mom's the word tomorrow.
You know, she's so specific about what a leotard can do for your body.
Maybe we ought to ask if they have one in her size.
Oh, they don't make leotards that size.
Everybody who dances for Candy Apples knows that they have a certain aura about them when they walk into a competition.
Based on everything that I've done with Kendall, I think that she is completely ready to go up against some of Abby's dancers and audition for a scholarship to Joffrey.
You know I'm down a spectacular dancer.
I broke my ankle.
I put a lot of stock in Taylor and I don't want to pressure you by any means other than to say she's got big shoes to fill.
I'm really nervous to do my solos in front of ballet judges because I'm used to doing it in front of audiences and not just being in a room with judges.
CATHY: You have to rise to the occasion.
You know, cream rises to the top.
So we want to have ourselves a latte.
When you step forward, right away your heads forward.
Boom, boom, bap.
CHLOE: I am so excited for my solo this week.
I'm finally the Red Queen from Alice in Wonderland, and I've been waiting for this forever.
Take your hands right here and go.
ABBY: Chloe is doing Queen of Hearts.
She really relates to the darkness, to the viciousness, to the evil aspect of playing a character that is on the dark side.
And when you lunge, your head's here.
Push through.
Look at it.
Change your head around.
You know, when you tell a kid to be happy and smile, that's easy.
But when you tell them that they have to be evil and they have to be insightful and they have to be attacking the judges, it gives them more to work with.
It gives them a story line to follow.
And that's where Chloe shines.
Come on, Maddie.
So Maddie, it's called "In My Heart.
We have one day to learn it because tomorrow is the big Joffrey Ballet audition.
MADDIE: My solo this week is a lyrical routine, and it's called "In My Heart," and I really love the song and the choreography.
Low.
Hold.
ABBY: This is a stellar routine for her.
It has all the elements that she needs.
She jumps.
She turns.
Her transitions are lovely.
It certainly is a routine that's right up Maddie's ally.
That, and go right into that from there.
One, two.
MELISSA: It's not like...
perfect.
ABBY: And you can illusion and tilt.
The pressure is on.
I expect Maddie to do really well this weekend.
It's hard to get to the top of the pyramid, but it's even...
-Harder to stay there?
-Harder to stay there.
So game on.
ABBY: Girls, come on.
Listen up.
We have two days until you are in Paramus, New Jersey doing this competition in Starbound.
I really need my girls to turn it on and turn it up.
Our group number has not placed in the top for weeks and I'm sick of it.
We have a few more hours to rehearse and they better get this perfect.
Go get your dance bags, put your jazz shoes on.
.
We don't even have a dance bag.
Go tell Miss Abby that you and Mackenzie -left them on the couch.
-I don't have my shoes.
Don't start crying.
I'm not in the mood today for any of this at all.
So don't get upset about it.
I don't care.
ABBY: Girls, let's go.
-Come on.
-Her dance bags are at the hotel.
Every kid makes a mistake, Maddie, okay?
You're not perfect.
Maddie was really upset because she left her dance bag at the hotel.
That's her dance bag.
I mean, that's her shoes.
So she was very upset and she wasn't herself the whole day.
It was my fault.
Totally my fault.
It's not your fault.
It's her dance bag.
Well, every kid makes a mistake, Abby.
-And you know, so it's my fault.
-Well...
-MELISSA: I should have checked.
-...I don't want Maddie to make mistakes.
-And when you get here-- -No one's perfect.
There's kids that are living here that are 14 and 15 years old on their own paying their own bills.
And when you guys get here, you can't call mommy.
When you walk into an audition, it's your responsibility, not your mother's.
It's a pair of shoes.
Who cares?
MELISSA: Maddie's on the top of the pyramid for the fifth time and Abby puts a lot of pressure on her.
Maddie is such a perfectionist and she's hard on herself.
Maddie, stop with this face because I'm not in the mood.
CHRISTI: Hello, note to Melissa.
Like in parenting 101, if your daughter forget some ballet slippers, don't flip out and stress her out.
It's a couple of $14.99 ballet slippers.
Like run down the street and get her a new pair.
ABBY: Your kid is in there, and her brain is not in her head because in the back of her head she's thinking about, where's my bag?
What if I lost my shoes?
How am I going to get them?
This is about your kid having an audition tomorrow and her brain not being in her head.
She's not focused on the routine.
Mackenzie and Maddie left their bags in the lobby of the hotel.
ABBY: Now, what are we going to do?
The more your kid is on the ball, the more people expect.
And that's sad, but that's the truth.
We just don't have time for mistakes like this.
Now Maddie's flustered and it's costing us time that we just don't have.
If the group loses again this week, I'm finished.
I need you to be nasty and bitter and mean.
You're playing a part.
Line.
I want to set those points.
CHLOE: Miss Abby says this is for jailbirds, and that's a little scary to think about.
I think you just have to set aside the jailbirds part and focus more on the dance and really getting into it and acting.
Chloe, that's a grand plie second.
You're not hitting that.
Slow down.
KELLY: I think our girls are sweet girls, so I think it's going to be hard for them to be dancing behind jail bars.
ABBY: This is the last chance I have to work on the group number for the Starbound competition before the Joffrey audition.
My girls are nowhere near being ready for this.
All right, girls, listen.
Tomorrow is the Joffrey Ballet audition.
There's going to be other kids your age auditioning for the same Joffrey Intensive.
Everybody wants it and everybody wants it bad or they wouldn't be here.
This is a big deal.
I want all three of those ballet teachers to know how talented the children are from the Abby Lee Dance Company.
Don't walk in there and embarrass me.
CHRISTI: At this point, I'm thinking that this group number is a hot mess.
It's like a train wreck and I'm trapped in dance jail and I can't get out.
I have never been so stressed out doing nothing in my life.
-It's like a whole -It's stressful sitting there watching her like treat our kids like that.
- -HOLLY: I think she brings out the worst in us.
-Absolutely.
The way I'm looking at the audition for tomorrow, I'm not expecting Nia to win it.
It's just a hard balance, I think, as a mom as trying to encourage your daughter to go out and do well but also temper that so she's not getting her hopes up too high.
I don't expect Nia to win, but I do care about the audition for my daughter because it means something to her.
So I'm still trying to figure out what exactly happened to these dance bags?
I swear on my life Maddie said to her, Mom, do you have my dance bag?
I think we should steal the bags.
Next time we'll steal their bags so they get in trouble.
-Christi, do you have their bags?
-Because otherwise they won't get-- I've never seen them get in trouble for anything.
HOLLY: Who has the Zielgers' dance bags?
Yeah, Christi probably has it up in her room.
Maybe.
ABBY: 20,000 dancers every year audition for Joffrey's summer program.
This is a big time.
It's intense.
You're just at the beginning of your shot.
You have something to work for.
CHRISTI: The Joffrey is a huge deal, and it really, really, really could make or break somebody's career because ballet is the foundation of all other dance.
ABBY: Girls, remember, you're not just representing yourself.
You're representing the Abby Lee Dance Company.
-CATHY: Listen, girls.
-KELLY: Oh my God.
Don't you hear it?
Hi!
-CATHY: Listen, girls.
-KELLY: Oh my God.
Don't you hear it?
Chloe's warming up in the hall and then I hear...
Girls, girls, girls, girls.
Oh, Cathy has arrived.
Hi!
How are you guys?
-ABBY: Good, how are you?
-CATHY: Good.
Hi, ladies.
KELLY: Candy Apples need to get a life and quit following the Abby Lee Dance Company around.
Lead with the chest down, up.
ABBY: Girls, if you don't know it yet, -you're never going to know it.
-CATHY: Stop voicing your opinion because it doesn't matter here.
We have every right to be at the exact same places that she is.
-JILL: Hi, Abby.
-ABBY: How are you?
-Good, how are you?
-Good thanks.
JILL: Nice to see you guys here.
To run in to Abby, it kind of changed the mood, my mood and Kendall's mood a little bit.
But, oh well.
We are ready for the solos.
ABBY: Shoulders down.
Big smile.
Use your face.
WOMAN: 249 Paige.
249.
Let's go.
JUDGE: Do you have something for us?
PAIGE: I like the piece Abby put together for my audition because it has some of my good tricks and everything.
ABBY: Brooke, make it look easy 'cause that's what's impressive about you.
BROOKE: All judges have different opinions so they may hate tricks or they may love tricks, so I've no clue how this piece is going to go over.
I'm not a fan of tricks.
ABBY: Holly, are you nervous?
Are you pacing?
-I'm so very nervous.
-ABBY: That's what I used to do.
I used throw up in a bucket outside.
You got a bucket?
NIA: I think I did pretty well.
I hope I get the scholarship.
You jumped, you flipped, you twirled, uh, a lot.
But got to tell whoever told you to shake your bum bum like that, that they are a dumb dumb.
Hey, Abby taught me how to shake my bum bum, and I shake it pretty well.
ABBY: What did they say?
He said, whoever taught you to shake your bum bum is a dumb dumb.
Oh!
-That's your mother.
-MACKENZIE: Uh-uh.
You're the one who taught me.
No, not me!
Do you really think you need that much...
makeup in a ballet audition?
It's a little over the top.
All right, go get 'em.
Good luck, Kendall.
WOMAN: I think Kendall is a beautiful little dancer and I really hope that she can come out on top and get this scholarship.
I very much enjoyed the arms in the beginning of the dance.
That was lovely.
Very nice.
-This is like your forte.
-Okay.
You go to ballet.
You look like a ballerina.
You have a beautiful body.
CHRISTI: I think Abby is putting a lot of pressure on Chloe and Maddie this week, and it's almost like the whole Maddie-Chloe showdown once again.
Go in there and own it.
-Okay.
-Okay?
CHLOE: I'm very excited for the ballet audition.
I mean, I've never done something this big before my entire dance life, so it's every man for himself.
JUDGE: You got something for us?
-Mm-hmm -Yes?
All right.
Take the floor.
Your natural just God-given ability is fantastic.
It's wonderful.
You really have something special.
Just please get into more ballet classes.
Would you go out there and send in number 252, Maddie.
-Yep.
Thank you.
-JUDGE: Thank you.
JUDGE: Thank you.
CHLOE: They told me that they think that I need more ballet classes, which makes me a little bit nervous thinking that maybe like I don't have enough training for the Joffrey Ballet School.
I mean, you never know what the three judges could be thinking.
Like, oh, we want her, we don't want her.
You never know what they want.
-You should be proud of yourself.
-Thanks.
MADDIE: I think going up against Chloe is going to be hard because she's more of a ballerina than I am.
ABBY: Shoulders down.
Shoulders back the whole time.
No pouch.
MADDIE: I'm really nervous because we don't really do ballet that often and we have three ballet judges.
JUDGE: So, Maddie, you got something you can show us?
-Yes.
-JUDGE: All right.
JUDGE: Thank you.
You really know how to perform.
Thank you.
JUDGE: Some showmanship going on there.
You could have been on Broadway.
But you have to be a dancer.
Throughout the whole piece I kept wanting there to be a pause.
I wanted there to be a time where you let your body finish and move all the way through something before jumping into the next movement.
JUDGE: Uh, can you go up on releve.
Show me releve, right?
Go really high up on the releve, okay?
Those feet have more potential than what you're using right now.
But you've got to work hard to do it.
They said that I have great potential.
ABBY: Maddie came out, and Maddie was not all that confident.
She takes things very seriously and very much to heart.
Two and three, four and five.
Legs at six.
We all know that Kendall has had training other places so we've just kind of tweaked out all the bad habits that she's gathered along the way.
Cathy's gotten Kendall so many things going on.
That's wonderful.
CATHY: How have the moms been at Candy Apples, Jill?
JILL: The moms are great.
CATHY: That's probably why I have 300 students versus 20 because I don't have a problem with embracing new customers.
ABBY: Cathy, how many kids have you had here at Joffrey?
-CATHY: How many have you had, Abby?
-Three.
CATHY: I highly doubt that you've had three people here.
I've had students study here in the summer every single year, and I'm not going to start to name them off because it means nothing to you.
I honestly feel that the Abby Lee Miller gang think that they've bought the market on any competition, any audition, anything that has to do with dance.
They are nothing but trouble, and it was honestly fun just to get Abby's feathers ruffled.
JUDGE: Good afternoon, everyone.
We are ready for the dancers.
All right, now, if I could get to number 247 over here, please.
Fifth position, tendu, and close.
Tendu, and close.
CATHY: See, number 250 was plopping your foot out and bringing it back up.
Oh, so sorry, that's your child.
KELLY: Cathy.
Cathy.
Is that all you guys can say?
You're not even supposed to be watching.
Aren't you the teacher?
Shouldn't you know that?
Well then stop popping your head in.
-I didn't.
-CATHY: What?
KELLY: I just turned around and looked for you.
CATHY: I don't see a sign that says no teachers allowed.
-KELLY: It's just etiquette.
-No, no, no.
-You don't look in...
-You know what?
-...on an audition.
-CATHY: Listen.
KELLY: Or let alone a dance class.
JUDGE: Take some of that tension out of the shoulders there.
Lift up through the back of that neck.
Pull the stomach in.
Good.
Work through that foot each time.
What's up with the bobby pin in your hair?
CHRISTI: Cathy.
CATHY: Are you going to use them for later?
Yep.
CATHY: Honey, you so want to have style and you don't.
CHRISTI: Oh, Cathy, I suggest you shut your mouth and walk away.
CATHY: Oh, why?
Are you going to beat me up?
Cathy comes in and she talks about my manners and my etiquette and she cannot conduct herself like a human being.
And I'm trying to sit there and ignore her, but my god, it's like needles on a chalkboard.
Finally, I'm just like, ah.
You don't even know me.
I can read you like a book.
You are so full of .
Please be gone.
-CATHY: Ooh, nice language.
-I know.
I got it from you.
CATHY: That's what you always have to-- no, you didn't.
Christi is being her usual self.
She's jawing about something that's not suiting her fancy.
Up and over to the bar.
Lengthen up out of that side.
Keep those stomachs strong.
ABBY: Cathy, let's tone it down a notch.
You're at the Joffrey Ballet.
A little decorum please.
CATHY: And we've got Abby who's screaming, "Be quiet," yet it's her voice that you hear.
Newsflash.
Newsflash.
There's an audition going on right behind the door.
Shush.
CATHY: I'm not the one that's always drunk and can't take care of my kids.
CHRISTI: I'm not drunk, and I can take care of anybody just fine.
CATHY: Oh, but you've always got a drink in your hand.
You embarrass yourself every time you open your mouth.
Pardon me one moment, please.
Ladies.
CHRISTI: Thank you.
Thank you.
We're having a ballet class in here.
You embarrass yourself every time you open your mouth.
Pardon me one moment, please.
Ladies...
we're having a ballet class in here.
CHRISTI: Thank you.
If you don't respect me and you don't respect these girls, -respect the art form.
-CATHY: Don't only talk to me.
-You need to talk to her as well.
-You've just got to now focus, everybody.
Please.
CHRISTI: I was beyond mortified, and I was just so mad that I let Cathy get the best of me and I behaved that way because I had no intentions of that.
I don't want anyone to ever execute behavior like what I had to step out that door and tell the people who are responsible for you to not behave like.
ABBY: I'm also feeling a bit embarrassed.
Cathy is completely unprofessional.
She's loud, she's obnoxious, and I don't want to be around her anymore.
Don't let a bad influence like that influence your lives.
PAIGE: Our moms were really bad.
It was so rude.
I hope they don't embarrass me again.
JUDGE: All right, thank you all for coming in.
We will let you know.
ABBY: There are three judges in there.
Thank you.
Somebody is going to say something nice and somebody is not.
Overall, I think they did a great job.
But now, we need to focus on that competition.
ABBY: Come on, ladies.
Hurry.
Come on, you got it, girls?
We are the overall grand champions from the Starbound Nationals in Lake Tahoe, Nevada.
-Hi.
-STAFF: Hi, how are you?
Good, good, good.
I'll come back and check in.
I want to get them to the dressing room.
Thanks.
So every time we attend a Starbound, it's important that we hold on to that title and we prove ourselves time and time again.
We need to be on top.
Okay, girls, listen to me closely.
You know we're in New Jersey.
We're at Starbound.
You are the national champions.
But I'll tell you what, a lot of these really talented studios were not at the nationals in Lake Tahoe, so I think you have your work cut out for you today.
HOLLY: It's tough.
I mean, they're thinking about a new dance, a new routine for Starbound, and Abby never hesitates to remind the girls that you're the national champions of Starbound.
There's more pressure than normal this week.
CATHY: Uh, where are the candles?
Bunny, I'm putting you in charge of the candles.
And I also have the blanket.
-Guys, can we run the number?
-GIRL: Yeah.
CATHY: Who's got their hair done?
-DANCER: Me.
-DANCER: Almost.
CATHY: Almost, okay?
All right, so you know, up to this point in competitions we've kind of been doing spooky numbers, so let's just keep it really beautiful.
Starbound is a huge competition, and Abby Lee Miller Company is going to be there as well as Candy Apples Dance Center.
And we have a wonderful routine that is very heartfelt that I think that finally we may be able to take charge, possibly beat Abby with this number.
Hey, good luck, everybody.
-Thank you.
-JILL: Nail it.
Guys, I'm nervous.
Stare at that judge.
That's not a floppy foot.
Point your toe.
KELLY: I think this dance is a mess.
They're working with this jail prop, and I think that a lot of the moves that she's having them do, it's not very technical.
I think our girls have way more technique than what is put in this dance.
ABBY: Open that attitude up.
Your foot should be parallel to the ground.
Abby's putting all this pressure on us that we have to win this competition because we're the national champions.
PRESENTER: Starting with number 892 small group open ages 9 to 10.
Number 892.
"Hurt Them First.
SINGER: ♪ Boys ♪ ♪ Games ♪ ♪ Lies ♪ ♪ Pain ♪ ♪ Boys ♪ ♪ Games ♪ ♪ Lies ♪ ♪ Pain ♪ ♪ Don't let them hurt you ♪ ♪ Don't ever compromise ♪ ♪ Don't walk into their web of lies ♪ ♪ You gotta stand up ♪ ♪ You've got to take control ♪ ♪ You've got to keep those boys in line ♪ ♪ If you don't want...
♪ HOLLY: I never imagined my daughter ever being in a jail cell, and so I'm trying to put my feelings aside that I really don't like it.
But she's a character for this piece, so I'm going with it.
♪ Hurt ♪ ♪ Tears ♪ MELISSA: I love the number.
I couldn't believe the acting going on there.
♪ If you don't wanna get hurt ♪ ♪ You gotta hurt them first ♪ CATHY: We, as a team, happened to be able to catch the Abby Lee dancers doing their Jailhouse Rock routine.
It was a bad take off of "Chicago.
I couldn't tell.
The dance is flat.
ABBY: The group number was great.
They were hot and they knew it.
PRESENTER: Judges, next up is number 870, "Almost Heaven.
CATHY: Knowing what we were going to bring to the stage, we were feeling very confident.
We wanted a perfect performance.
(Cassandra Kubinski's "Halfway To Heaven" playing) ♪ Have you been gazing a bit ♪ ♪ More than usual up at the sky ♪ ♪ Asking why you should try ♪ ♪ When your body aches ♪ ♪ To surrender ♪ JILL: Cathy's number was very technical, very mature.
Kendall looks like a little angel, and I really, really am excited.
I love it.
CATHY: I'm pretty much on the edge of the seat right now.
My palms are sweating and my butt's shaking, which is what happens when I get nervous.
PRESENTER: You guys ready for some awards or what?
PRESENTER: Oh, yeah.
I think that Cathy might beat us.
In my hands I hold the top 10 junior groups.
In 10th place...
PRESENTER: You guys ready for some awards or what?
PRESENTER: Oh, yeah.
And here we go.
We start out small group open ages 9 and 10.
In 10th place with a score of 286, 892, "Hurt Them First," Abby Lee Dance Company.
- -Oh, that's us.
ABBY: I was very humiliated.
We are the overall grade champions from the Starbound nationals.
Maybe the judges didn't get it.
That's their right.
That's what you get when you go to competition.
PRESENTER: Congratulations one more time to "Hurt Them First" in 10th place.
MELISSA: Our group number came in 10th.
We've never come in 10th place.
It kind of mortified us a little bit.
But it is what it is.
PRESENTER: Moving on to ninth place.
One point higher with the score of 286, 870, "Almost Heaven," Candy Apples Dance.
Step back up.
Who helped you with this routine?
Cathy Nesbitt-Stein.
PRESENTER: Remind everybody one more time what studio you're from.
KERISA: Candy Apples Dance Center.
There it is, your ninth place junior group "Almost Heaven.
CATHY: I'm looking around, and all of the moms have these incredibly impish grins on their face.
And we know because every dog has his day, and this is our day.
-HOLLY: I'm ..
-KELLY: Holly.
I'm in my own world.
I want to just go home.
MELISSA: I can't believe our kids didn't win.
Cathy's group did not deserve to beat us.
We've never, ever, ever, ever in our lives got 10th place.
CHRISTI: Cathy's dreams came true today.
Finally they can say we beat them.
And they'll leave us alone.
I think the last time we did in place was Electricity.
Amen.
Shocker, the group number came in 10th.
ABBY: Neither one of them were dancing to their potential.
My kids have not danced to their potential all year long.
-CATHY: Hello!
-CHRISTI: It's nobody's home.
-CATHY: How are you guys?
-Congratulations.
CATHY: In all sincerity, we just wanted to congratulate you on 10th place.
HOLLY: Thank you.
We're proud of ourselves.
Thank you.
CHRISTI: And congratulations on one point better.
We saw, we came, we You are Satan.
MACKENZIE: Bye!
ABBY: My entire reputation is humiliated.
Hello?
-DAVIS: Hi, is this Christi?
-Yes it is.
This is Davis Robertson from the Joffrey Ballet School.
-How are you doing?
-I'm well.
How are you?
DAVIS: I wanted to take the time to call you personally and let you know that, uh...
we want to offer Chloe a scholarship for the summer.
She was at the top of our list.
Oh, thank you.
DAVIS: -Oh, my gosh, that's amazing.
-Thank you.
CHRISTI: I think Chloe is excited to have that opportunity, but I really think that Chloe is trying hard not to show it because the other little girls in the room wanted that as well, and she didn't want to hurt anybody else's feelings.
DAVIS: Under our direction, I really do believe that she has got the potential to be just a beautiful ballerina.
-Oh, thank you.
-DAVIS: And we would like to assist in making that happen.
CHRISTI: Oh, thank you so much.
-CHLOE: Thank you.
-DAVIS: You are very welcome.
HOLLY: It's hard when your child doesn't get something that they want, but that's also part of a dancer's life.
It's tough.
We'll be seeing you soon.
-DAVIS: Sure, take care.
-CHRISTI: All right, take care.
-You're being a brat.
Don't-- -MADDIE: Give it.
-No, walk away from me.
-MADDIE: Please.
-I want to organize-- -Get back here right now.
Get back there now.
Get back here.
Madison, get back here.
Your phone is going away.
MADDIE: I feel really upset that Chloe got a call from the Joffrey Ballet School.
I think I kind of deserve to be on top.
MELISSA: Stop it.
Guess what?
-Five days--10 days now.
-MADDIE: No!
MELISSA: 10 days Maddie can't have her phone.
CHRISTI: I know exactly how the little girl was feeling, and I know that she wants this Joffrey scholarship as much as anyone else.
And I know she's thinking my shot's out the window, it's all Chloe.
Even though these girls are such good friends, they are really, really fierce competitors.
MELISSA: Maddie?
MADDIE: What?
MELISSA: Maddie, come here, I have to tell you something now.
One more--if you don't come back here in five seconds, it's going to be 15 days.
Maddie is really stressed out because she was disappointed, but I won't put up with a bratty kid.
She just needs to reach deep and down inside and just, you know, be thankful for what she has and don't--you just can't worry what other people think of you.
CATHY: Can you go from the top, Kendall, so I can take a little peek at it?
My thought is maybe you might want to put that costume on because you're feeling that it's a little constricting and try doing the dancing.
I love the solo, "Queens of Hearts," that Kendall's going to be doing.
It has a lot of style to it.
It has a lot of technique.
It has some turns, some leaps, and I think she can really do well with it.
All right, so let's see it.
-Oh, my.
-Push.
Grunting.
-It's okay.
-Grunt harder.
-I can't do it.
-Yes you can.
Don't do this.
Of course you can.
Don't cry about it.
You're going to get your makeup all messed up, you're going to get all worked up, and it's not-- it is totally not worth it.
I couldn't really move in my costume because they didn't really fit me in it.
They just sent it to me.
So I really couldn't-- I couldn't do anything, so I was a little nervous about that.
How's that prepared?
CATHY: Oh, honey, you're prepared.
That's--you're prepared.
You just went through the whole entire dance.
You're totally prepared.
There's no reason to cry.
-Okay?
-JILL: Good luck, baby.
CATHY: There's absolutely no reason to cry.
The dance is fine.
It is what it is.
-It's about the Apples being your buddies.
-The costume's too tight.
JILL: What, honey?
-The costume...
-I know, the costume-- CATHY: You're just going to have to deal with it, Kendall.
Two minutes, lovey.
You're just gonna have to deal with it, okay?
ABBY: Okay, sidebar from the restroom to the stage.
We have like 5, 10 minutes.
CHRISTI: Oh, my God.
Chloe has a 17-piece costume that I have to pin.
They're at the end of their category though, so I don't know if we can hold it.
CHRISTI: There's no way Chloe's going to be ready.
I can't physically do it.
Abby barks and barks and barks and barks and barks at us that we need to be prepared.
Well, you need to give us enough time to be prepared.
Watch that hyperextended elbow right there on that first movement.
You're cleaning the floor, Maddie.
MELISSA: We have literally 15 minutes to do hair and makeup and practice before our kids were thrown on stage, and I'm really getting sick and tired of it.
That's a lot of costume.
CHRISTI: And stay right here.
Don't look.
That's a lot of costume.
You just keep doing what you're doing.
KID: Chloe, you look so pretty.
ABBY: Okay, don't panic.
Don't panic.
Judges, eye contact, suck them in right off the bat.
CHRISTI: Kendall comes out and she's the Queen of Hearts.
Cathy, we've been down this road before.
Stop copying my daughter.
CATHY: I think that if Kendall is going to compete against Chloe, she has got to do better than her best.
And I know what it takes for us to one-up her.
So what we've worked out is totally going to steal her thunder.
JILL: I'm sitting in the audience with all the Candy Apple moms supporting me and Kendall.
I just love this.
I just love watching Kendall dance.
And all of this drama and heartache and heartbreak, it's worth it when I see my child on stage do what she just did.
ABBY: Cathy is up to her underhanded tricks again thinking it's going to get her ahead in the competition.
Off with her head.
Focus.
Represent.
MADDIE: The pressure I'm feeling this week is because I'm their national winner, so I don't want to let Miss Abby down.
PRESENTER: Number 890 open ages 9 to 10, "In My Heart.
SINGER: ♪ I saw you in my dream last night ♪ ♪ You had your smile so white ♪ ♪ I thought your teeth were the stars ♪ ♪ Your eyes, they were like tiny rivers ♪ ♪ Well, it gave me the shivers when you looked right up at me ♪ ♪ We never got to say a goodbye ♪ ♪ We never sat down and cried and watched...
♪ MADDIE: Abby's going to freak out on me.
I want to go again.
Can I please go again?
SINGER: ♪ ...just exactly how well ♪ ♪ You carved your home in my heart ♪ ♪ You can stay here a while in this hotel heart ♪ ♪ People come...
♪ MADDIE: Abby's going to freak out on me.
I want to go again.
Never done this before.
Can I please go again?
Please?
Abby's gonna hate me.
KELLY: I'm not surprised that Maddie forgot her dance.
I think that Melissa and Abby both put way too much pressure on that kid.
She's nine years old.
Every single week she has a solo, a duet or a trio, and a group number.
And Abby wants Maddie to be her winner, but she doesn't care that she's gonna burn the kid out.
MELISSA: It's not fair.
They just threw you out there.
Ssh, ssh, ssh.
Abby's going to hate me.
MELISSA: Shh, she is not.
Baby, look at me.
-She's gonna hate me.
-No she's not.
I've never done this.
I was backstage running my number, and all of a sudden I hear the music dying down and then I hear footsteps coming from the stage.
And then I heard Maddie say that she forgot her dance.
I'm a little bit nervous for my solo now that-- like from all the chaos backstage.
All I can do is cross my fingers.
PRESENTER: Judges, 891, "Red Queen.
891.
Sitting in the audience, I'm looking at Abby and she's sitting over there crying hysterically.
I thought you were supposed to save those tears for your pillow, Ab.
CHRISTI: Let me think.
Nia forgot her solo, Abby didn't cry.
Paige forgot her solo, Abby didn't cry.
Chloe forgot her solo, Abby didn't cry.
Maddie forgets her solo, it's waterworks.
Abby only cares about one person, and this is a blatant display of that.
MELISSA: Tell her how it feels, Chloe.
You did it too.
And I just feel so bad because I know exactly how it feels.
We've all done it by now.
Nobody's perfect.
MELISSA: Maddie, honey, you're so hard on yourself.
-MADDIE: -MELISSA: You have to stop this, okay?
Dance isn't that important, Maddie.
MADDIE: Yes it is.
MELISSA: But it's not your whole life.
Well, it is your whole life and it shouldn't be.
This is way too much pressure.
It's really hard when your daughter's crying saying she's a failure, and she's nine years old.
You're not a failure when you're nine years old.
Not at all.
And she kept saying, "Abby's going to hate me, she's going to hate me," and it really breaks your heart.
Abby's not going to hate you, Maddie.
I didn't even hear them announce my daughter.
ABBY: That doesn't matter.
But I'm just saying, she was thrown on.
But I don't want to make excuses.
-Every kid forgets a dance.
-MELISSA: No.
-ABBY: That's not the deal.
-MELISSA: She thinks you hate her.
I'm sorry.
ABBY: Sweetheart.
MELISSA: Aw, see, she thinks you hate her.
See, I told you she doesn't hate you.
Maddie, it's not your fault, honey.
You were such a fabulous kid.
MADDIE: See, Abby loves you, Maddie, okay?
She knows what a kid you are.
ABBY: You know what?
Those kids who have perfect runs and win everything when they're kids.
Where are they now?
They don't even dance anymore.
Kids that still have something to shoot for and something to win.
They're the ones that are still working.
She screwed up just like everybody else.
But you know what?
Maybe they won't all be vultures and be after her all the time now.
Girls--nuh-uh, uh-uh, we're not going to play that game.
You can see her and talk to her later.
We're not going to play that game.
We're not playing that game.
HOLLY: I'm not playing games.
But I also know that my child ran off the stage.
I didn't see any tears from you, Abby, when my kid ran off the stage, okay?
So point noted.
-It's a horrific-- -I don't care.
I don't care.
I know you don't care, and that's my point.
It's incredibly cruel that there is a teacher who's sitting there having a pity party for herself because her student forgot a dance on stage.
And other students, every other kid in that room has had that same experience.
They all could have used a dance teacher who cared about them.
Awards.
I'll take you down.
MELISSA: Got to be supportive of your friends, so-- Any child being on stage and forgetting their dance, it's humiliating.
CHRISTI: And it's happened to all of us.
And it's happened to everyone.
-But she even said to Maddie-- -HOLLY: There are pressures-- -She said she didn't care.
-HOLLY: for a reason.
And she didn't want any excuses.
She could care less.
Yeah, but there was not a tear shed for another child in this company.
That's my issue.
These are children.
And you just cry for whatever reason for one child and not the other.
They all hurt the same.
And the kids know.
The kids know.
It was so obvious and transparent.
I tried to deny that for many years and give Abby excuses.
Just saying, that's just the way she teaches, that's just the way she is.
But today was like black and white.
No, it's not.
It's not the way she teaches for all.
There's a double standard.
There's a different system.
It is not equal.
Why don't you care that all the other kids forgot their dances but you care for Maddie?
My kids have been with you since they were two.
I've been with you for 30 years and you didn't care that Paige came off the stage and forgot her dance.
She told Maddie she didn't care if she forgot her dance either.
She sat there and cried.
HOLLY: Abby, for once, was speechless because she knew she was wrong.
For once, some called her on something and she had nothing to say.
Moms, it's awards.
HOLLY: Thank you.
We're ready to go.
PRESENTER: Here come the official 2012 top 10 junior solos.
Kendall was a star out there on that stage.
She did on that stage exactly what we came here to do.
She shined.
CHRISTI: Chloe was amazing as the Red Queen.
Regal, evil, and it was technically good.
Chloe deserves to win.
PRESENTER: Seventh place, please give it up for "Queen of Hearts.
Kendall, come on up.
JILL: Yeah, I was surprised.
It's difficult to compete against Abby.
I would love to have seen her in the top five, but that's okay.
We'll get 'em next time.
PRESENTER: Here come the official top three soloists.
Give it up for 307, "If My Friends Could See Me Now.
In second place, 793, "Want You Back," Julia!
Ladies and Gentlemen, our top junior soloist today.
Please put your hands together for number 891, "Red Queen," Chloe.
I'm really happy that I got first overall solo.
I mean, I haven't really won for first in a while, so it feels really good.
PRESENTER: Who choreographs for you?
Miss Abby Lee Miller.
CHRISTI: Given that Chloe is at the bottom of the pyramid this week for forgetting her number, I'm so proud of her that she won.
And Abby's nowhere to be seen.
Where do I go?
KELLY: How come you didn't come to awards?
CHRISTI: Chloe's your dancer.
You should have been there to support her.
I think one of the things you already told them is that save it for your pillow in your hotel room or in your bedroom, and you should model that behavior for them and sat in the front row, put your game face on.
ABBY: Come paddle me.
Let's just get it over with quickly.
Please, that's a visual I do not want to see.
ABBY: Paddle, paddle.
Take the paddle.
I'll give you my tongue lashing 'cause shame on you.
That's what you give the girls.
I have nothing to say to these moms right now, and I don't care if I hurt their feelings.
They're grown adults.
They can handle it.
If they want their kids to be nurtured and coddled, they need to take them back to nursery school.
You always say like, you know, act professional, act professional, you know, grow up.
This isn't really professional model behavior.
Unbelievable.
I could not just sit there and say nothing.
After all my child has experienced and as well as many of those other kids, it's not right.
It just is not right.
-CHLOE: Hi.
-Hello.
Congratulations.
You should be proud.
-MELISSA: Good job, Chlo.
-Everybody here is proud of you.
-CHLOE: Thank you.
-GIRL: Good job, Chloe.
Yeah, you should be proud of yourself.
Abby didn't say, "Chloe you were fabulous.
She didn't say like, "Oh, Chloe, you know, way to go, that was amazing.
Nothing.
It was all about Maddie.
It's amazing to me.
It's amazing.
But there's no favoritism.
Not at all.
ABBY: All right, guys.
See on the flip side.
So Abby says very cryptically, see you on the other side, and leaves the door.
Like, what's going on?
And the only one in the room who doesn't seem confused is Melissa.
MELISSA: She's going home.
CHRISTI: What do you mean she's going home?
MELISSA: She's leaving right now.
HOLLY: Did she really leave?
This can't be real.
I lost a lot of respect for Abby.
I really did.
-Hi.
-TAXI DRIVER: It's just funny how all of a sudden when things don't go Abby's way she's running home.
I think it's ridiculous you're leaving because you're embarrassed about the way you act earlier today.
KELLY: Where are you going?
I'm going to go to the hotel, get my stuff, and going right to the airport.
ABBY: I need a break I need a break from these moms, a break from these kids, a break from the yelling.
What do you want us to tell the kids?
Your kids are fine.
They're great.
They have been trained even as young as seven years old.
They know what to do.
And they're fine without me.
KELLY: I have known Abby for a long time and I have never seen her like this.
I'm shocked.
