ABBY: Previously on Dance Moms...
Brooke is going away this weekend so I'm looking to replace her.
Here comes Peyton again.
Peyton has had some altercations with our girls.
I don't care if you don't like me.
No one wants you here, Leslie.
Oh, guess what?
I'm here.
ABBY: Star Power is the largest competition in the United States.
Second place, Abby Lee Dance Company.
A tenth of a point.
You almost won.
I'm taking her over to the other competition.
What?
ABBY: Hurry up.
Go, go, go, go, go.
Maddie, don't wait for me.
Run.
Coming up on Dance Moms...
We are going to Ohio to her territory.
He has seen the ever famous Abby Lee Dance Company.
MITCHELL: We are ready to create a winning number.
Jill called me yesterday.
She said that she's been driving so far.
Here's my violin.
I'm so sad for Jill.
KELLY: With the choreography that Paige has, Kendall is going to beat her.
Step up your choreography so she has a chance to beat Kendall.
Come on.
We'll just do it really quick.
I changed the choreography because I just don't think this dance is good enough.
SINGER: ♪Get up♪ ♪ Get on the floor ♪ ♪ My world is with my girls ♪ ♪ Living on the dance floor ♪ ABBY: Come on, girls.
Let's go.
I'm so glad you could make it.
Okay, let's talk about Woodbridge, Virginia.
Your tenth of a point loser, it's time to cowboy up here.
The Abby Lee Dance Company is somebody to beat.
They're not thrilled that they won.
They're thrilled that they beat you.
You need to challenge yourself.
So if your leg's here, find the girl in class who's leg is here and go stand next to her at the bar.
Fight for that.
That's how you get better.
You have to want to win more than I want it for you.
Now, I want to talk about this week.
We will be traveling to Ohio.
CHRISTI: Oh, yippee, skippy.
We're going Ohio this week.
I can't wait to see my bestie Cathy.
ABBY: We might see Kendall.
And we might see Vivi-Anne.
Oh, my God.
All I know is that the Abby League Dance Company will be so hot that they will become apple pie, and your group is going to be like the a la mode.
The name of the group dance is "Land Unforgiven".
It's about territory.
We are going to Cathy's territory.
We're going to stick a stake right into that beef jerky.
Everybody standing before me is in the group dance.
However, I'm going to bring a few ringers in, just like the Wicked Witch of the West.
This is the first time that we're going to see Cathy and those stinking, little rotten Apples since they beat us in New Jersey.
If we have a chance to even get to nationals, we need to beat her and beat her big time.
She always uses older dancers in her routines.
Let's fight fire with fire.
I'm going to put a few of my older girls in this week's routine.
So let's start at the bottom of the pyramid.
Brooke, you're still on probation.
Obviously Brooke was at the bottom of the pyramid.
I mean, she wasn't even there.
This weekend is my first formal school dance and I was wondering if I would be able to go to it.
She was in her eighth grade farewell dinner dance.
Bye bye.
Next, we have Mackenzie.
How did you get down there?
What happened?
How many times did I tell you to spit your gum out?
Maybe 10.
So that's nine times too many.
Next.
Nia, I think you're there because you had a hard time with those turns and it was your legs that needed straightened.
So all that technique you worked on, what happened?
Next we have Paige.
You see that probation sticker?
Hopefully that's going to come off there.
Next we have Chloe.
Group dance is where you made the mistake.
Solo was good.
The first person on top of the pyramid is Maddie.
And the second person on top of the pyramid is also Maddie.
I guess Maddie's picture is kind of like a gremlin.
You just add water and they multiply.
ABBY: Now, I want to congratulate Maddie, two crowns, two titles in less than two hours.
There she is.
- -Whoo-hoo.
Two titles in one day.
That's pretty darn good.
Maddie may be on top of the pyramid twice, but that doesn't mean she's going to get a solo.
I want her to be well rested and I want her to be a champion.
Paige, you're 11.
You're going to be our title entrance, nine to 11.
Paige will be competing directly against Kendall for the title.
I need Paige to show Jill and Kendall that leaving the Abby Dance Company was the biggest mistake of their lives.
You will be doing "Tongue Twister".
It's your responsibility to know it.
She will not have a rehearsal.
She's welcome to use the studio, but she has to get in here on her own.
Paige's solo is one she does well.
In fact, she's entered it, then pulled it twice.
She should know this choreography like the back of her hand.
And I want to see a crown on your head.
Do you understand?
All righty.
So I'm going to take this probation off right now.
I think Paige is going to be a nervous wreck, but I know if she does the routine that I gave her, she will hold her own.
Chloe, you will also be doing a solo.
It's entitled "Angry Bird".
The whole bird solo thing isn't really new for Chloe.
She's been a swan, a raven.
This week she's an angry bird.
So I don't know, what's next?
Maybe a peacock?
All right, so ladies, you're dismissed.
Thank you.
Girls, spread apart.
Real quick, let's go.
I thought it was weird that Maddie was on there twice, only because nobody else was given the opportunity to do two dances.
Like next week there'll be three Maddies and she'll be the whole top of the pyramid.
MELISSA: Moms were giving me crap because Maddie's on the top of the pyramid twice because she won two crowns in one day.
If their kids won two crowns in one day, I'm sure Abby would put their kid up there twice, too.
She was really happy when Abby said she didn't have a solo this week.
She was like, oh.
She very pleased.
Girls, listen to me.
We're going to our next door neighbor and we're taking their territory.
She always throws those ringers in there.
I'm going to pull three ringers in, too.
I would like to introduce Katherine from the Elite Company.
And this is Ariel from the Team Company.
And this is Nina, who you all know, from the Senior Company.
I want to make sure that we beat Cathy.
I just want to even out the playing field.
If Cathy wants to play all these games, who am I to argue?
I have to say, you know, I'm a little offended that she needs to bring in "ringers".
She is always the first to criticize Cathy for putting those older girls and other girls in the group, but she can't wait to do it.
She's not above it, obviously.
I think it's incredibly hypocritical for Abby to always talk about Cathy putting older girls in the group, and then this week she's going to do the same thing by adding older girls to her group number.
So you're saying to these kids, you can't beat her on your own, even though they have done nothing but beat her, except for one time.
CATHY: Hey, Apples, let's go.
Come on, kids.
Everybody, I have a really cool surprise for you.
First of all, let me tell you about the piece that we're going to be doing.
We are doing an Asian piece.
And the whole thing is going to be that there's an Asian princess with all the little lotus flowers, and that there are two very handsome Ming dynasty warriors that are fighting over the Asian princess, which is going to be Vivi.
She has to decide which handsome young man she wants.
JILL: When I first started at Candy Apples, Cathy was gangbusters over Kendall.
She was getting her all kinds of dance opportunities and it was great, but things have changed a little bit.
That's kind of died down and now we're just another number.
Here is what is the amazing surprise.
Could I please have my guest choreographers come in?
Everybody, this is Mitchell Bing and this is his assistant Michael.
So they'll be doing the choreography for you.
Mitchell confided to me that over the past couple of weeks, he has seen the ever famous Abby Lee Dance Company.
JILL: So Cathy doesn't have time to choreograph a new number for our kids to compete against Abby, so she brings in not one, but two choreographers.
MITCHELL: We are ready to create a winning number for you.
Yay.
-CATHY: All right.
-MITCHELL: All right, let's go.
-All right.
-MITCHELL: Let's go to work.
Good luck.
Use your plié.
Don't dance like a stick, Chloe.
Then 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8.
MADDIE: I'm so excited that Miss Abby put the older girls in our group routine, because I really look up to them.
Everybody, you're dismissed.
Paige, you need to be in class.
So do you.
Are you excited for Paige this week?
You know, I'm excited for Paige because she's getting the opportunity, -but I don't think it's a fair chance.
-No, I agree.
I don't think that the dance is choreographed well.
She's been trying to do this dance since last summer at nationals and it keeps getting pulled.
KELLY: I just hope she goes better than Kendall, and I know that sounds terrible.
-HOLLY: No it doesn't.
-MELISSA: No.
-No.
-HOLLY: No it doesn't.
We're upstairs in the viewing room and we're watching the girls take gymnastics class.
Abby put so much pressure on these girls to beat Candy Apple this week, so why are they taking gymnastics class?
Why aren't they working on their solos?
My favorite part of pyramid was when she said, Paige, you need to win this crown.
No excuses, but no practice for you with any teachers.
-Do it on your own.
-KELLY: I know.
Do it on your own.
I think I'm going to go down and say something.
-Do you want to go down?
-CHRISTI: Yes.
I might as well join you because I certainly have a few things to get off my chest.
Christi and I are going to go down and talk to Abby because I have a few choice words I want to say to her about Paige's choreography.
-Abby?
-Yes.
-Can we speak to you for a moment?
-ABBY: Certainly.
What's up?
There is a lot expected of our girls this week -with everything going on.
-ABBY: Yes.
Why are they in a gymnastics class and not working on their solos?
Well, your daughter is really weak at gymnastics then she needs to work on it.
My daughter pays for a class here.
Someone has to teach her her dance.
She's known her dance since last summer.
KELLY: Abby, she learned her dance for an hour last summer.
We pulled it because she didn't know it and the costume didn't work, and she learned it for an hour last week and has never run it since.
That's two hours.
KELLY: That is not teaching my daughter to dance.
Kelly should be glad Paige has a solo.
After pulling it and pulling it and pulling it...
that kid shouldn't even get a solo anymore.
She knows the dance.
Yeah, and it sucks.
Let's just put it this way.
With the choreography that Paige has, Kendall is going to beat her.
-She does a bunch of hit moves and-- -Poses.
Poses.
Put something in it.
Go in there, step up the choreography so she has a chance to beat Kendall.
But you won't do that because it's Paige.
KELLY: So today I'm going to go to lunch with Christi.
I really need somebody to talk to about what to do about Paige's choreography.
I'd like a glass of water and a cosmopolitan.
Absolutely.
-I'll have the same.
-Okay.
I need a drink to go back to the studio and watch my daughter's dance because the choreography sucks.
Oh, well, Chloe's choreography sucked last week.
So I feel your pain, sister.
Kelly and I really just want Abby to give the same amount of attention to detail for our children's dances as she does for Maddie's dances.
She's in the 11-year-old category -and she's shaking her butt.
-I know.
Are you going to hire a choreographer?
I'm not going to hire a choreographer because then that will just be World War III.
Like I'm not doing that.
You're going to do it yourself.
I am going to do it myself.
You know, I danced at Abby's years ago myself, and I may have forgotten a few steps, but I think I can handle a little re-choreographing.
Do you think Abby will notice if I changed Paige's dance?
She's going to be mad.
CHRISTI: Abby is not a rational person.
Even if Kelly is the one who changes Paige's choreography, Abby's going to take that out on Paige.
And you're setting your daughter up to take the wrath of Khan.
Bla.
Just know that you really are going to open up -a huge fight.
-KELLY: I don't care.
What more can of worms can I open?
MITCHELL: 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8.
1, 2, 3, 4.
CATHY: In order to try and secure a victory, I've brought in two guest choreographers who are doing a routine to end all routines, and Abby is going down this weekend.
MITCHELL: Bend, and then up.
Vivian by herself, go.
Ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba.
There you go.
Good.
Now 1, 2, 3, and 4, 5, 6, 7, 8.
Word.
-Oh.
-Yes.
-CATHY: That was sweet.
-Good.
That gave me a cavity.
CATHY: I think that Kendall, overall, is a nice talent and I think she has a lot of potential.
I just wish that, technically, maybe we would kick it up a notch.
You're just sitting here and you're just looking straight forward, and the judges are out there so you need to make eye contact with the judges.
-You know what I mean?
-Yes.
Okay.
Open, pop.
Pop.
Pretty hands.
Here at Candy Apples, you have to treat every rehearsal as if you are performing, and I don't think that Kendall's on our page yet when it comes to that.
-Nice rehearsal that we had.
-Good.
So nothing you wanted to change, Cathy?
Oh, no, I don't want change anything.
I feel that Cathy needs to step it up a little bit.
Cathy has lost interest in Kendall as a dancer.
Good job.
As always, a pleasure to work with both of you.
ABBY: All right, Chloe.
Now remember, we talked about this, angry bird.
I need to see you in character.
I need to see beautiful feathers.
I need to see strength.
CHLOE: This week my solo is called "Angry Bird".
I guess I do well with dark numbers because a lot of people have told me that I do.
So I try not to be darker in real life, but on stage you have to perform, so I have to perform.
The "Angry Bird" piece is contemporary in style, but it has a lot of ballet technique behind it, and Chloe excels at that.
Jill called me yesterday and, um-- Why are you still talking to her?
Oh, I think this is really sweet.
-Yeah, she's sweet all right.
-I like her.
But she said that she's been driving so far, which is ridiculous that she's driving two hours.
Here's my violin.
I'm so sad for Jill.
She's so excited to see us over the weekend.
You made your bed.
Lie in it.
ABBY: Down.
Ouch.
You got to hit that split.
Jill said Cathy can't choreograph things like Abby does.
I mean, she knows that, so she had to bring someone in.
Oh, so she's afraid.
She must really want to win.
Very nice.
KELLY: You know what we need to change, is this thing where you do-- what is that thing, where you go like this and like this?
Could we change that?
Okay, because that's ugly.
I want to change Paige's dance.
And I know by me doing that, Paige is going to get in trouble, but I'm really just doing this to help my kid.
Then how about you do like a fan kick or something up?
Yeah.
Okay.
And then we'll add some harder stuff to it.
I don't want to do the dance because Abby's going to throw a chair again.
Done.
You're finished.
Next?
Who's solo?
We won't even show her that we changed it.
Then she's going to yell at me when I get off stage.
And who cares?
Come on.
We'll just do it really quick.
This is my chance to take Paige and run her dance one more time before we get on the bus.
She is going for a title and is expected to beat Kendall.
PAIGE: I want to do it in "A".
I don't want Abby to see the changes, because if she sees them, she's going to yell at us and then you're not going to be able to do them.
I changed the choreography because I just don't think that this dance is good enough to win a crown in a junior category.
SINGER: ♪ I'm the sparkle on your birthday cake ♪ Point that foot.
Whack that leg.
Oh, your feet.
Okay.
Whenever you do this, aren't you supposed to be looking forward?
All the moves that I'm putting in for Paige I think is really going to make the dance technically difficult enough that she has a great chance of beating Kendall.
Do you like this way better than the way she had it?
-Yes.
-Well, let's hurry up and get out of here before Abby sees us.
ABBY: Oh, cool.
Definitely don't touch anything.
Here we are in Akron, Ohio.
This is Cathy's home turf.
The last time we were up against her we lost.
That's not going to happen again.
If we're going to get to nationals, we need to take Cathy down.
The competition is ahead of schedule.
They're running ahead of schedule 30 minutes.
So we thought we had a big break.
We don't.
Come on.
I don't want you to waste time.
KELLY: For once in my life, I'm glad that we're rushed in the dressing room, because I don't think Abby is going to have enough time to run Paige's solo.
Paige, remember where those judges are.
Come on, stay together.
It's time for my dancers to step it up.
We're going to walk in there as winners and we are going to walk out of there as winners.
Just think about your energy level, okay?
Just lots of personality and style.
JILL: Kendall is going directly up against Paige.
Kendall has to be at the top of her game.
Keep going over it in your head.
Okay?
Two minutes before we walk, girls, two minutes.
I'm expecting Paige to go out there, do the routine I taught her, and beat Kendall.
Don't worry about it.
It's going to be fine.
Paige is a nervous wreck.
Abby is expecting her to beat Kendall.
She's expecting her to win a title.
That's a lot of pressure on her.
As long as you go out there and do it good, she can't say anything.
I just hope she can pull it off.
JILL: Cathy is gonna back me up on this.
I need to see your center lead and I need to see your elbow stand and a chin stand.
As always, there really is not enough time for Kendall to go over her number.
-Boom.
That's nice.
-CATHY: Oh, that was even better.
JILL: That's nice.
I'm paying a teacher, but as her mother, I have to take her back into the hallway and run her solo for her.
ABBY: Chloe, you are a bird from the minute you step on that stage.
Get the arms way back.
Break the elbows.
If something happens, bird steps.
all bird-like steps.
get it?
All right, let's go.
CHLOE: Even though I rehearsed this solo, I'm still a little bit nervous.
But I think that I just need to go out there, dance it, and I'll be okay.
ANNOUNCER: Solo age 10.
Chloe, "Angry Bird," 416.
Oh, earring.
As Chloe's dancing, I see her earring fly off, and I know she has a big turn sequence coming up where she drops to one knee at the end.
I'm just praying that she remembers that that earring is there so she doesn't end up with an earring in her knee.
CHRISTI: Whoo.
Get your earing, babe.
So just go out there and do it as good as you can do it.
All right?
Paige is all nerves right now.
I think she's nervous about what Abby's going to do when she realizes that we changed the choreography once she goes onstage.
I love you, Angel.
ANNOUNCER: This is Paige in junior miss Next Star.
If Paige does what I gave her, she's going to beat Kendall.
SINGER: ♪ I'm the sparkle on your birthday cake ♪ She is doing a completely different number.
SINGER: ♪ I wear Louboutins to the corner store ♪ ♪ Turn every head...
♪ ABBY: I certainly know when it's not my choreography.
This routine belonged in an elementary school talent show.
Oh, my God.
Then it clicked.
Oh, I guess mommy choreographed the routine.
I think Kelly just cost her kid the crown.
SINGER: ♪ I wear Louboutins to the corner store ♪ KELLY: The second the first move that I changed came on, Abby was like, what was that?
SINGER: ♪ I better bite, bite bite my tongue ♪ ♪ Bite my tongue ♪ She's rolling around.
ABBY: Her feet are all sickled underneath her.
She does the cartwheel over the chair into the side area and her legs are bent, feet are sloppy.
Kelly, you're much more successful at the "real bar," not the ballet bar.
Stick to what you do best.
SINGER: ♪ Tell on you ♪ KELLY: I am so proud of Paige.
She went against Abby and did the dance that she wanted to do, and I think that takes a lot of courage.
PAIGE: I like the solo that my mom changed and I think I did it well, but I knew that Abby's going to be mad.
ABBY: Paige is going directly against Kendall for the title.
Will she win now?
Not with those new moves from your mom, Kelly.
ANNOUNCER: Up next we have entry number 442, Kendall, a junior miss Next Star contestant.
KENDALL: My mom wants me to prove to Cathy that I'm a good dancer and I can beat Abby's.
SINGER: ♪ You're aching for an easy answer ♪ ♪ Don't be taking more than you can count ♪ ♪ You can count ♪ What's wrong with her music?
JILL: Kendall goes on stage for her solo.
The music comes on and it starts to skip immediately.
I see the fear in her little eyes.
Kendall's not going to stop.
She's going to dance this number, but I know her fear is the music.
She's not on point, and her number's a mess.
WOMAN: Go, Kendall.
CATHY: I am sitting here watching Kendall's dance and it's very flat-lined.
Kendall has taken none of the corrections that I have given her.
She's not performing.
She's not sharp.
She is definitely not making eye contact with the judges.
Her solo is just mundane.
ABBY: My former student Kendall is a beautiful, little girl.
But the Kendall that stepped out on that stage and did that number was certainly not the kid that I trained.
She was a hot mess.
What did Cathy have her doing?
All I know is she's wasting a whole lot of time in a car driving to Ohio when she could be in my city out training.
Let's face it, Jill.
Big mistake.
Big.
Jill, it's not a big deal when something like that happens because I'll tell you why.
To whom it's not a big deal?
To a nine-year-old little girl or to--no.
-You didn't let me finish.
-Okay.
Okay.
Had Cathy taken a little more time with Kendall, -none of this would have happened.
-I know.
I can't humiliate her over and over and over again.
-I know.
I know.
- -Why did I let her do that?
-It's not--it's not your fault.
JILL: I'm starting to think that Cathy took a stand only to spite Abby.
She's not a good Candy Apple.
She doesn't fit in at all.
She's too pushy and too opinionated.
She thinks her kid is way better than she really is.
It's the truth of the matter.
We all know that Jill is a studio hopper.
If it's not happening now, she's walking around whining.
Is she truly one of my Apples?
Not really.
She's definitely an outsider looking in.
JILL: She's just a little girl who wants to dance.
Abby can't frickin' look at her.
Cathy could care less about her.
No one cares about the kid.
This isn't what it's all about.
You went up on stage.
You did what Mommy told you to do, and you were fabulous.
Right?
I'm sitting with Paige and she's upset.
She thinks Abby is going to be mad.
And as a mom, that's really hard, you know?
Do I let my kid follow her dreams and try to achieve something bigger in life, or do I let her just sit behind and not have her dance teacher be mad at her?
Abby said at pyramid for you to work on it yourself, that she wasn't helping.
So that's what you did.
CHRISTI: Uh-hmm.
That's true.
-Is that not what she said?
-HOLLY: That's exactly what she said.
So you followed her directions and you and your mother worked on it.
And we didn't like a few things, weren't working out in the dance, -so we changed them.
-HOLLY: Absolutely.
That's it.
I know the storm is coming.
I can feel it, and I'm going to be caught up in a whirlwind of just I don't even know.
ABBY: Paige.
What were you doing out there?
I wanted to talk to Paige about her routine to find out what she was doing on that stage.
She started.
It was like the wrong pose on the chair.
I'm like, what is she doing out there?
Well, you told her to work on it ourselves, so we worked on it at home.
Paige, you have to realize that when you're up for a title, you want to do a flawless routine.
Maybe her teacher should work with her more and then we'll do the dance that you choreograph.
Kelly, stop with the "we".
It's not about you.
It's about Paige.
You have to trust that I know what I'm doing.
Paige's goal was to go out and do a dance that she felt like she was pushing herself.
What was wrong with the dance that I choreographed?
Besides your mother's opinion, what else?
Because I did easy steps.
Because you do easy steps.
I just wanted to be challenged more.
I was so proud of Paige for sticking up for herself.
She actually spoke to Abby and said, you know, I didn't like the choreography.
It was too easy.
You can't send her for a title and not have anything in it.
The things that she put in it were a mess.
If she doesn't challenge herself, she's never going to get better at anything.
I don't want to put her on the stage and make her do things she's not ready to do.
I want her to do what she does well.
Is she capable of more?
Absolutely.
But what I gave her was clean and it would have clearly beat Kendall.
She went behind my back.
She threw stuff in it, and you as a parent condoned it.
How dare you.
This is my name out there.
And as much as you and Christi and everybody else wants to think it's your kid, it's your kid, it's your kid, you know what?
It's not.
You don't go behind somebody's back.
Don't raise your kid to be a snake, Kelly.
This is Kelly's fault.
I blame the parent, not the child.
KELLY: Don't cry.
I'm heartbroken because I'm the one that helped her change her dance.
Don't be sad.
I'm sorry.
It's mommy's fault.
I'm the one that made you change it.
Okay, guys, let's hear a little CADC chant.
♪ C, A, D, C ♪ ♪ CADC, what?
♪ JILL: We beat Abby's before, we can beat them again.
CATHY: Oh, yes, but it's by one point, remember?
-JILL: It doesn't matter.
-CATHY: One point is not a landslide.
The last time that we encountered the Abby Lee Dance Company, we did beat them by one point.
We would rather have a landslide victory, but I certainly do enjoy beating Abby Lee.
ABBY: Girls, we have five minutes.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Oh, that's beautiful.
I decided to bring older girls to the competition team this week because I want to make sure that we beat Cathy.
Are these girls ringers?
Absolutely.
Johnny Appleseed came into Ohio, planted all the apple trees, and we came in to...
Chop them down.
ABBY: There you go.
You own this theater.
You own that stage.
It is your territory.
The last time we met that Wicked Witch from the West, they beat us, and that is never going to happen again.
♪ Here comes Johnny Appleseed ♪ ♪ Chop, chop, chop, chop ♪ Oh, for God's sake.
I'm a little concerned about Cathy.
You know, all morning long, she hasn't come into our dressing room.
She hasn't said a word behind us.
She needs more fiber or some prune juice in her diet because she's just not feeling like herself.
ANNOUNCER: Next entry, number 438A.
categories 10, "Asian Empire.
I think Cathy should get a special judges award for inventing new ways for Vivi to be a human prop in every dance.
Whoo.
Whoo-hoo.
Whoo.
ABBY: It was just a Chinese buffet.
It was loud.
It was in your face.
It was obnoxious.
Kind of like Cathy.
Did they seriously just bring a gong on to that stage?
I think Cathy's dance will definitely be competitive.
I don't think this is going to be a slam dunk for the Abby Lee Dance Company.
ABBY: I thought Cathy's number was intense.
I don't know if we're going to beat them.
I'm a lot worried.
ANNOUNCER: Next is entry number 404A, "Unforgiving.
ABBY: This routine is about land unforgiven, so working the fields, taking over the crops.
I want everybody in the state of Ohio to see the Abby Lee Dance Company chop the apple tree down.
MELISSA: Their costumes actually look stunning on stage.
The music was beautiful.
There wasn't a lot of turns or anything like that, however it was clean and the big girls really brought something to the number.
ABBY: Thank goodness for those three older girls.
They are totally in control.
They're calm.
They're very ladylike.
They don't get all flustered.
They look beautiful.
I am such a crybaby.
It was a beautiful, quiet elegance, and I think that sometimes less is more.
ABBY: Overall, I have no idea.
It was completely different than anything the judges had seen and it was completely different than Cathy's number.
We're going to do the top 10 Next Star division nine to 11 solos.
I'm anxious about these awards.
There is lots of talent here.
10th place, 426, is "Little Me.
Seventh place, 448, is "Tongue Twister.
CHRISTI: That's Paige.
Paige ends up seventh place.
Kelly is going to be beaming.
Come on, Kelly, seventh place?
ANNOUNCER: Sixth place, 416, "Angry Bird.
CHRISTI: Chloe gets called sixth for her solo, and I'm thrilled for her.
I thought sixth was great.
Paige actually got one step below Chloe with my choreography.
ANNOUNCER: And our highest scoring nine to 11 soloist in the Next Star division will be...
ABBY: That Kendall better not be first place.
There is no way that she's going to win and beat my girls with that performance.
ANNOUNCER: 438, "Roxy.
KELLY: Kendall wasn't up there at all, so I guess Paige and I did pretty good.
Next Star nine to 11 small groups.
Here are the top five.
Fifth place, 404A, "Land Unforgiving.
Lo and behold, we were fifth.
So they proceed to announce fourth, third, second.
No Candy Apples yet.
ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen, our highest scoring...
nine to 11 small group.
HOLLY: I'm dreading first place.
Please don't let it go to Candy Apples.
441, "Schindler's List.
ABBY: My intention this weekend was to beat Cathy.
We were fifth.
So hey, I'm okay with that, as long as we made the top five and they didn't.
I said Johnny Appleseed is going to chop that orchard down, and that's exactly what we did.
Chop, chop, chop, chop, chop, chop, chop.
It was really good Paige.
Our choreography was amazing.
One step below Chloe.
And Kendall didn't even place.
Paige came here and she did what she was supposed to do.
She beat Kendall.
Chop, chop, chop, chop, chop.
ABBY: Congratulations, Chloe.
Congratulations, Paige.
KELLY: Abby congratulates Paige.
I know that that had to kill Abby to do that.
I think Paige's choreography did pretty good.
-She got the top 10, right below Chloe.
-She did.
KELLY: I just think that you underestimate Paige.
I think that if Paige gets some attention, she has the ability to go out there and place.
I need to see a change in her.
She needs to want it, Kelly.
You told her at pyramid you were not working with her.
-ABBY: That's true.
-To do it herself.
She did it.
ABBY: That didn't mean to change the choreography.
That means to just clean up what I've given you.
KELLY: If she comes in with easy choreography again, then you know what?
I'm not going to deal with it.
I'm going to do the same thing I did this week.
ABBY: You don't know what my plans are for you.
You can't read my mind.
You have to trust me.
I will never forgive Kelly for putting that kid on the spot.
I did not put you in it to fail.
You're playing with fire, Kelly.
- -Yay.
Good job.
Good job, guys.
JILL: They should have been in the top five.
MITCHELL: They should've been in the top five.
Well, the season's not over yet.
-So about that...
-And next time, let's be a little more prepared and then, you know, let's-- Be prepared?
My music sucked.
Cathy never even looked at the number.
No one cares but me.
Kendall doesn't place in the top 10.
I'm sick to my stomach.
She wasn't prepared.
She didn't have anybody pulling for her but her mother, but sometimes you need a little more than that.
So Apples, first of all, you have glum faces, and rightfully so.
I think she was embarrassed that she spent time and money on those choreographers and then the kids not placing.
I know you have a lot of students, but if you can't give my student enough time, how can I continue to keep bringing her to you when you can't give her the time of day?
I've just about had it with Jill.
It's been a long, disappointing day for all of us, and she immediately starts to hound me with questions.
I mean, maybe had you given her a little bit more time, she could have done well in her number.
Cathy could have cared less.
She had nothing to say to me or to Kendall.
She blows me off.
I'm starting to regret that I pulled Kendall out of Abby's dance group.
I think Kendall and I, our time at the Candy Apples may be drawing to a close.
Let's go, guys.
Hi, girls.
-ABBY: Cathy, how are you doing?
-Fine.
ABBY: I'm in Ohio.
I'm on your turf.
Not even a cocktail party the night before?
No dinner at your house?
CATHY: I have to run into Abby and her goon squad as I'm trying to get on the elevator, and of course their mouths are running like a typewriter, and I'm not wasting one breath on them.
Cathy, come on.
Where's your witty repartee?
CATHY: You know you brought a good piece.
You know your piece is better.
You know the teachers have come up to you and said, this is an outcry.
How do you feel about it?
What do you do?
We will see them again and try harder.
There will come a day.
Cathy, I can't believe you always have something to say.
Now nothing.
Finally we have our revenge.
We set out to beat Cathy and her rotten Apples, and that's exactly what we did.
