CHRISTI: That's a $68,000 floor, and you're going to throw a chair on it? Tonight... Kelly has never lied to me. I can't say the same for Melissa. JEFF: ...for the very first time... HOLLY: I think Kelly speaks her mind. And when she does, watch out. JEFF: ...the women of Dance Moms reunite. KELLY: I don't need her to tell me I'm a bitch. -I already know I am. -Right. JEFF: It's a two-part Dance Moms reunion. -Hold on, hold on, hold on. -KELLY: I swear on my children's life. -I swear on my mother's grave. -Knock it off. CATHY: I'm not done, so close your mouth. -I did not say that. -KELLY: Go back and watch that clip. Cuckoo. JEFF: I just hope I can survive. SINGER: ♪ Living on the dance floor ♪ Hi, everybody, and welcome to Dance Moms, the Reunion. I'm Jeff Collins, the executive producer of the show. Joining me is the woman at the center of it all, the owner of the renowned Abby Lee Dance Company, Abby Lee Miller. -How are you? -Good. -It's great to see you. -I'm so nervous. I feel like I should call you Miss Abby, like the kids. -Well, you can. - Also joining us, the always opinionated, always fabulous Dance Moms. Welcome, Melissa Gisoni, Dr. Holly Frazier, Christi Lukasiak, and Kelly Hyland. How are you ladies? -ALL: Great. -It's good to have you here. -WOMAN: Thanks, Jeff. -Thanks for having us. JEFF: One of the things that you say a lot is that everybody's replaceable. But one thing that we know is that there's only one Abby Lee Miller. Take a look at this. WOMAN: Everybody is replaceable. ABBY: We all know everyone is replaceable. Everyone's replaceable. I have the success rate I have with producing professional dancers because of the delivery. This is my domain. I'm the principal here. It's my -What you fail to realize, Abby... -ABBY: I don't fail to realize anything. ...is that you don't control me. ABBY: I will not be bossed around in my own studio. She has a deep voice that you will be very afraid of. Who's afraid of it, you? -Well, no. -I'm a little afraid of it. ABBY: Listen to me. I don't want to look at the sad, horrible kid all day, yes? So put a smile on your face. Walk, walk, walk. Woo-hoo! Smaller steps. Wow! One, two, three. Woo-hoo. WOMAN: You're not throwing her out. ABBY: Oh, yes, I am. And you with her. Every week we put the trash out. Go. Then take yourself out, because you're the biggest piece of trash there is. What do you think the spoon is for? ALL: Ice cream. -Are we right? -Yes, we're right. -We're having a treat. -BOTH: Yes! ABBY: A treat. Cheers. HOLLY: I stand on my credentials and my knowledge. -ABBY: That's fine. -That's something you can never take away. Then fix this hair, because it's horrible. No one's gonna hug me? Yay! Woo! We won first place with our group number. Yeah! Oh, yeah! I'm proud of the kids. They did what they needed to do. And moms, you chased away Cathy. You chased away Jill. And now you're after Leslie. When you start messing with my livelihood, that's when the curtain closes. And I'll start messing with your kid. Learn that. So listen, let's get right to it. Abby's way of talking to students, some people say, is a little harsh. Christi, what do you think? Oh, God. Yes, absolutely. I worked with children for eight years before I became a full-time dance mom. And if I had talked to students that way, I would have never had a business. But it's not always with everyone. You know, she talks to certain kids a certain way, and she talks to others another way. -So-- -Well, what do you say about that, Holly? As an educator for 20 years, we see a variety of teaching styles and methods. And what I like about Abby is she's very direct about certain aspects of students' dancing that she finds difficult. So I think the message is often on target. I think her delivery is sometimes off base. JEFF: So Melissa, Abby a good teacher or not? I think Abby is a fabulous teacher. She's been teaching my little Mackenzie since she's three years old, and Mackenzie has really blossomed over the last year. And it's all because of Abby. JEFF: So you say that dance moms over the years have changed. What's the difference between what dance moms used to be like compared to these ladies? ABBY: Many years ago, you had people that couldn't leave their jobs. They weren't stay-at-home moms. Most of my clientele now live a more privileged lifestyle. And, you know, today, kids get a trophy for being born. So Melissa, you've been around the dance world a long time. How do you think other moms would characterize you as a dance mom? I think that they would say that I'm an involved dance mom, because I'm very involved in my kids, just like all of us. Christi, what do you think other dance moms would say about what kind of dance mom she is? Melissa spent a lot of time in the studio in years past. No one is going to disagree that we all want to be involved in our children's lives. And our kids go to school all day, and they spend a lot of time in the dance studio. And so oftentimes, that's the only time we get to spend with them. So I think that that's what people say, like, you're always at the dance studio. Well, I don't look at it that we're always at the dance studio. I look at it as we're spending time with our kids, because if we weren't there, I would never see them, and we would turn around one day and they'd be 18, moving out. We're just willing to put the time in to be with our children, because I don't want to turn around someday and go, I missed their childhood. ABBY: Jeff, if I may, Melissa's the kind of person that if a piece of paper is laying on the floor, she doesn't step over it. She picks it up and throws it away. And I think that rubbed people the wrong way. People that had been there for years and years and years, but they expected me to go and ask them for help. And I'm sure they would have helped me. Melissa just started doing it. We've had a couple of very hectic seasons of rehearsals, road trips, and grueling competitions. Thanks to these women right here, the world has learned that it's definitely not easy to be a dance mom. I want to know from each of you, and you have to be absolutely honest, who do you think, Holly, is the most outrageous dance mom? I don't know. I think we all equally share that title at the moment. You need to run for politics. I keep telling you that. Throw somebody under that bus! HOLLY: I would say it's a tie between Christi and Kelly. I think Kelly definitely speaks her mind. And when she does, watch out. Let's go, Paige. Brooke, you can leave class, too. I do not want to support Abby as a dance teacher. I'm not doing it to my kids. I'm not. Don't cry. It's all your fault to begin with. You can't just be smart. -MELISSA: She just lets it fly. -JEFF: All right. So since we've nailed Kelly, Kelly, who do you think is the most outrageous, outspoken craziest dance mom? I think Christi. You're not pecking at something, and you're not pooping. Like, you just straighten your knees. CHRISTI: Chloe! I think she pushes her kids more. -Like, when we're behind-- -You pushed Brooke when she was young. -When she was young I did. -You still push Paige. Yeah, but Chloe's still young. KELLY: No, she's 11. Yeah, but you were pushing Brooke when she was 11. Brooke, from, like, six to nine, I really worked with Brooke. Except I was friends with you, when you were still pushing her when she was 10 and 11. I don't--I disagree. I don't think she pushed her at all. I think she'd already live here, and Brooke would have already been a star. I think I fight with Abby a lot and I speak my mind because I'm standing up for what I believe is right. But I don't think I push my kids. I don't think you do. I don't think so. You know what's amazing about the two of you, you guys are actually besties, but yet you tell each other the truth. -Yes. -JEFF: You tell it like it is. Well, everyone always thinks that we don't argue. -That is not true. -JEFF: Oh, I've seen you. CHRISTI: Kelly and I argue often. I don't need her to tell me I'm a bitch. I already know I am. CHRISTI: But we're good enough friends to know that if I tell her how I'm feeling and I'm having a bad day, it's going to be fine tomorrow because we get it. People will come up to me and say, "How can you guys look at each other after you sit and say something?" But there's nothing that I say on the show about any of these women-- -CHRISTI: That we haven't said. -...that I wouldn't say to their face. Kelly lives real close to me, and I go to her house after I take the kids to school sometimes in my pajamas, and we just sit and chat, have coffee. CHRISTI: I think that that's what people don't understand. We are ugly and nasty with each other. But when the chips are down, everyone has each other's back. Everyone thinks Melissa and I have this tension between us, and we do to a certain degree. But when I need something, I call Melissa. And she's the first one to help me. HOLLY: And that's the thing about our relationship. I think in many ways it's like a family and we're dysfunctional in our relationships in some respects. But you don't get to pick and choose members of your family. We're all thrown into this because we have a common bond. Our daughters dance. We're here, and we learned how to navigate that. I get to choose that. -And I'm an only child. -You don't get to choose that. I'm an only child, so the whole family thing is just like, whatever. HOLLY: Yes, but you created this family, Abby. So the dysfunctionality of our relationship-- I'm so glad to hear you say that, because I can create another one. Well, you could, but that would be your loss. JEFF: So listen, let's talk about one of the things in the show that is a very controversial element of the show, which is Abby's famous pyramid. Girls, let's go. Come on, girls. JEFF: Why do you do the pyramid? Every dance teacher in the country-- I mean, choreographers that I deal with and my colleagues, we all have a pyramid in our head. That pyramid sets it up. The kids are standing right there. So I feel like it's a really big lesson in the way the world works. You go to a cattle call, you walk in, you stand on that line, the famous chorus line, yes, no, no, yes, no. Nobody tells you why. At least I'm explaining to the kids why you're here. What did you do right? What did you do wrong? What happened? This is where you ended up. Now, Christi, I can feel your energy. -I can feel it. -Oh. JEFF: I know that you have a very strong opinion about the pyramid. I just think that it's one thing when you are in a work environment and you kind of see the hierarchy of things. I think it's a different thing when you have little girls involved. Our kids have done the pyramid for many weeks now, and I still think that it's hurtful. And I think there's other ways to go about things. I think the kids are smarter than Christi is giving them credit for. HOLLY: Although I am not a fan of the pyramid, I will say this, it holds Abby accountable for her thinking. So she can't just say it's in her head or she can deny that she favors a child. So you see it right there in front of you, all the photographs, what she's thinking, and you can hold her accountable, whether you agree or disagree. SINGER: ♪ Living on the dance floor ♪ JEFF: Melissa, a lot of people think that Abby plays favoritism to Maddie. And obviously we know in the show that Maddie ends up at the top of the pyramid a lot. ABBY: Maddie, you're on the top of the pyramid because you won a national title. Again, it's Maddie. Maddie. Maddie. It's Maddie. Second person on top of the pyramid is also Maddie. JEFF: Are you ever concerned about Maddie's future when someday she's not at the top of the pyramid? I'm really not concerned, because she's not always at the top of the pyramid. And Abby is strict with her and tells her all of her flaws. But sometimes Abby does it in private, not in front of everybody. JEFF: How do you guys feel? I think she's doing a disfavor to Maddie. Anytime we have a competition or something and Maddie doesn't win, she loses it. She's not lost it. I don't understand what you're talking about. Like, we had a turn contest at bootie camp. -Right. -Chloe won. All of a sudden Maddie had a headache. We had the watermelon contest in Abby's pool. Nia won. All of a sudden, Maddie got hurt. Like, she's never going to win all the time. -MELISSA GISONI: I know that. -And I just think that-- -But that's her maturity level. -KELLY: Letting your child think that she's going to win all the time. I think those are the kids that end up anorexic because the girl beside her got the part because she was skinnier than she was. I never tell Maddie she's going to win, ever. I mean, I don't. And I--she works on her own. I don't work with her on her routines because I never pretend to be a dance teacher. JEFF: So while we're on the subject of Maddie, for most of the season, Maddie seemed absolutely unstoppable. She's won crown after crown at dance competitions around the country. We don't know if it's her magnetic smile or her emotional performances, but it seemed like nobody could take their eyes off of her, especially you, Abby. -I love you. -ABBY: That child works so hard. Maddie's solo is exquisite. MELISSA: Maddie's choreography and Chloe's choreography were not even in the same stratosphere. I would say Maddie and Chloe go back and forth for the best dancer in the group. CHLOE: I kind of wish Miss Abby gave the same attention that she gave to Maddie to the other girls and I. I guess she's setting us up for another Maddie-Chloe showdown. It'll be the same old, same old. You know, Abby will be working with Maddie right before she goes on stage, and it'll be me in the back hallway with my daughter, because that's how it always is. All the focus is on Maddie. And then there's nothing left for anybody else. Right. SINGER: ♪ You can stay here a while in this hotel heart ♪ ♪ People come and people... ♪ There is not a tear shed for another child in this company. That's my issue. These are children, and you cry for whatever reason for one child and not the other? -They all hurt the same. -And the kids know. -The kids know. -It was so obvious. ABBY: You should be so lucky to have Chloe as your student, because she's a great dancer, and everybody knows it, except for you. I made her! I know it! CHRISTI: You did not make her. Were you pregnant for nine months? I made her. You know what? You couldn't have given a about her for so many years when I sat up there and I told her what to do, because you were too busy looking at everybody else. Oh, who else was I looking at? -Oh, let me guess. -ABBY: Everybody. Who? Who else? CHRISTI: Abby does not put any value on any child in her studio except for Maddie, and those kids know it. And it is a shame. So Christi, does that upset you when you see Chloe say on tape that she wished Abby spent as much time with her -as she spent with Maddie? -Yeah. Yeah, I also wished-- I think all the girls wished that Abby talked to them like she speaks to Maddie. She says to our kids, "Why are you so stupid? You're so stupid. You're so stupid." To Maddie she says, "You're smarter than that." -Like-- -When Maddie comes in to work on a solo, she is open minded. She wants to help along the choreography. She is experimental, if you will. She--and that face. She just dances with her face first. She has a great facility. She has a beautiful body. She should have a crown on her head all the time. You know, that's what you look at. Every one of the kids are different, and the way the relationship works, hey, Maddie could graduate from high school, and I could never hear from her again. JEFF: Let me ask you about something that the viewers thought was pretty outrageous and pretty controversial. In one of the episodes, you asked Melissa to bring in Maddie's crowns. Right. And you displayed the crowns in front of all the other girls. ABBY: Starbound. Ooh, that's pretty. Energy. CHRISTI: Maddie still wins, just because she has better choreography and Abby makes sure of that. Every week, she makes sure that Maddie has the best choreography out of this group. And you can sit here and get mad at me, but you know it's true. WOMAN: There's no question. ABBY: GEA. Running out of room. What were you trying to teach them? ABBY: That it's not the crown. It's the work you put in to try to win that crown. Holly, you're rolling your eyes at all this. -What's going on? -When you favor a child or a student, it's hurtful for the other students. And it's clear that there are favorites. And Abby's unapologetic for having favorites. -She can have her favorites-- -ABBY: And if your--if your-- not middle school, but in the high school, do you not have a valedictorian? HOLLY: A valedictorian is something totally different. It's not the same. It's not the equivalent. Maddie is not a valedictorian. She's not. So Melissa, when Abby asked you to bring those crowns in-- I was not happy. -After it was being done-- -ABBY: Let me interject. I said, bring these crowns in, and I want you to look back at how hard you worked and how important these were. KELLY: She didn't want to put those crowns on the table. ABBY: Oh, absolutely. Why do you people make her do it? Why did her mother allow her to pack up those crowns... MELISSA: I didn't know what they were gonna do. ...and take them to the studio? Because she knew it was going to hurt every one of those kids. Well, you must have had some idea. -No, I did not know. -If I was her mother, I would have said-- ABBY: Let me tell you why. -This is what started the whole incident. -MELISSA: I had no idea. We were at a competition, and Maddie won a crown. She no sooner sat back down on that stage that she took that crown off and gave it to somebody else. Now, remember, you have our six, seven children. But behind them are 500 other kids that would have chopped off their right arm to win that crown. So Maddie cannot behave like that. None of my students can. They need to show ownership. They need to be proud. They need to be thrilled when they win that. And she was not. JEFF: It's a complicated, sometimes rocky relationship that goes back over 30 years. We may not know everything that went down between Abby and Kelly throughout their long history, but we do know that there was something about this season that pushed them over the edge. So take a look at this. It's bad parenting, Kelly. She should have opened her mouth and said, "Abby--" Whether I was drinking or not, it's none of her damn business. Your kid doesn't want to dance. They're lazy, and they don't like to lose. You're playing with fire, Kelly. Done. KELLY: you, Abby. ABBY: You don't need them for the competition. I told you to do it for today. -KELLY: You know what, Abby? -ABBY: What? KELLY: We're done. You're not doing a solo. Neither of my kids are doing a group dance. -That's fine. -KELLY: Okay? -That's fine. - KELLY: I pay for costumes and props, and I don't get them. I've been here all day making costumes for you, while you were down the road eating. Stop eating. That's why you're fat. Goodbye. You told me at ten o'clock at night that I needed stoppers for a chair the next morning. -Right. -You know what, Abby, I have three kids that need to be at school. ABBY: Your husband that I keep hearing about. So tell him to go do something. -KELLY: My husband works. -Okay. And you wouldn't know that, because you live at home with your mom. Right, I take care of my mom. People who have a family have things to do... -ABBY: And guess what, Kelly. -...outside of dance. When my mother was 17, she paid the mortgage on her parent's house. KELLY: I don't really give a what your mother did. I'm talking about me. I have a husband and I have three kids and I have a home that I am taking care of. -Right. -Dance is my extracurricular activity. -ABBY: Right. -At ten o'clock when I got home, going and buying stoppers was not in-- ABBY: So why didn't you just come to me and say, "I can't"? JEFF: When you threw the chair on the floor-- I'd throw it harder. -JEFF: You would? -ABBY: It's my studio, my chair-- CHRISTI: That's a $68,000 floor, and you're going to throw a chair on it? SINGER: ♪ Living on the dance floor ♪ JEFF: So Kelly, look, here's something that everybody's wondering because of some of the things that have happened over this last season. So next season, are you in or are you out? It's up for debate. -So you're not sure? -I'm not sure now. -JEFF: So there's-- -Oh, she told me she was not coming back. So there's a chance that we may not see you next year. You may not. JEFF: So you're going to think about it over the summer? KELLY: Mm-hmm, my kids want to be back, but I'm getting to the point, I just don't know that it's worth it. Paige is the most fun-loving child I know. And I just feel like that studio is breaking her spirit. ABBY: I agree 100%. When Paige and I are together outside the dance environment, she's a very nice, kind little girl. We have no trouble. Step inside that studio, I expect more from her. JEFF: All right. Well, let's do this. We have a lot of fans who have written some questions that they would like to ask you ladies. -So here's one from... -ABBY: Oh, cool. JEFF: ...from Julie from Massachusetts who asks, Kelly, you totally hit below the belt when you took shots at Abby's weight and called her a whore. I said, Kelly, go get a job. KELLY: Oh, don't even go there, you whore. Oh, you are a whore. JEFF: Any regrets over your choice of words? KELLY: No, I do not regret my choice of words. Because when I called Abby a whore, you didn't see what really happened. Abby went below the belt, talking about my family members. But I don't know why you would use that word. I mean, why would you go to that word directly? If I would have thought about it, I would have called you a virgin. ABBY: And that's a bad thing? Just so your kids can hear it, that's a bad thing? -Yeah. -Okay JEFF: So Abby, you and--you and Kelly grew up together. You've known her since you were two years old. Yes, I danced for her mother, since I was two and a half. JEFF: Okay, so what would you describe her-- what was she like when she was a kid? Beautiful, fun, similar to Paige, a little dingy? -Dingy? -ABBY: Talented. -Talented. -JEFF: Right. Fun. Potential. Great potential. JEFF: And what would you-- and what would you describe Abby like when you guys were kids? Um, bossy. -JEFF: Well, that hasn't changed. -Mean. But in all of that, I think Abby taught me a lot. -JEFF: Right. -Like, I don't regret... a lot of the things that I've done with Abby. And I think that's probably one of the reasons why I brought my kids to Abby. I mean, when I look back at certain things that I do, I think of Abby. Just like, when I'm sitting somewhere, my posture, like, -I think of Abby telling me do this. - Or if I wear ankle strap shoes, you know, Abby said that makes your ankles look fat. Like, there's a lot of things that I go back to that Abby has taught me, even though she was mean. JEFF: So let's move on. Look, there's no denying that out of all the dance moms, Melissa has the closest ties to Abby, of course. The other moms have accused you of being a tattletale, being manipulative, being brown-nosing. But it was this CD skip heard 'round the world that got the other moms really talking. So let's take a look at this. MELISSA: No, no, the CD. ABBY: So I don't know what happened with the CD. It just scratched. We need to move on. KELLY: Abby has been in the dance world long enough to know that when that happens you win. So the second Maddie's music stopped, I knew what was going on. So Melissa, here's your chance. Did that conversation between you and Kelly really happen? Did you really tell Kelly that Maddie knew the CD was going to skip? MELISSA: No, I did not. She practiced to a CD, but not to that-- she practiced to an iPad. Okay, but was she instructed to keep dancing if something happened-- -ABBY: So was your two kids! -Everybody's instructed-- Everybody's kids are instructed. Something happens to your music, honey, you just keep dancing. My kid hasn't been told that in the past year. -ABBY: I think-- -I wanna know--hold on, hold on. I swear on my children's life. MELISSA: I swear on my mother's grave that I did not say. No, go back and watch that clip. Because Maddie never even hesitated. Of course she didn't, because she's a professional. The music stops when you're onstage, Hey, knock it off. You're messing with my professional reputation. KELLY: I don't care. But if your daughter's music would have stopped she would have kept dancing, and you know that. -Cuckoo. -CHRISTI: Yeah. In my experience, in the decade that I've known both of these women, Kelly has never lied to me. I can't say the same for Melissa. JEFF: Christi, one of the things that you said to me off camera, you say that we never get to see the fun that you guys have together. -No, you don't. -MELISSA: Exactly. JEFF: Because we--we all understand from watching the show that you really do have a relationship and that you really are close and that you really do love each other. And what are some of the most fun experiences that you've had with these women? Oh, my best memories of these women have been my pregnancy with Clara. That was great that I shared it with these guys. -What, our baby? -It's our baby. I mean, she is. She's everybody's baby. Okay, little cup of tea. I had a very hard time getting pregnant a second time. I wanted a second baby more than anything. I had given up hope. I got pregnant with Clara. Who were the first people at the hospital? -Paige--Paige is in-- -Paige was the first one there. My daughter was born, and there's pictures of Chloe and Paige holding my baby. I mean, like, you know, they brought me flowers. Holly's my neighbor. You know, you don't see those things. KELLY: Our kids, when they have free time, they don't want to hang around with their school friend kids. They want to hang around with their dance friends. JEFF: All dance moms have a different reason that they choose this tough dance life for their child. But for Christi, her daughter dancing at the Abby Lee Dance Company is fulfilling a dream she's always had for herself. Take a look. CHRISTI: When I was a little girl, I dreamed of taking dance lessons. And I lived with my grandparents. I moved back and forth on and off. And I danced on the lawn. And I dreamed of having a life like she does. Although I didn't have all those same opportunities that Chloe had, my grandparents were able to give me something that my mother didn't. And that was unconditional love. I had a hard childhood. You know, I wanted my children to have every opportunity that I never had. And it's not just opportunities to dance. It's an opportunity to go after something that you love and that you're passionate about and have the full support of your parents behind you. Chloe did soccer. She did basketball. She did volleyball. She did the piano. You know, she tried a million different things. And it was always dance that she came back to. I just want Chloe to be so much of a better person than I ever can be. ABBY: She will go to the ends of the earth to make sure that that kid is at the right place at the right time and looking the right way. But I also think right now, Chloe is her ticket out. No, she's my ticket to raising someone who I'm proud of. And if you can't see that, shame on you, because that's every mother's goal. -Like-- -Yes, but you should also be teaching her to be able to be independent. That's every parent's job. Yes. Now, Abby-- So when you're gone that she continues to live that way. My daughter is independent. She's just terrified of you. -ABBY: When you keep saying that... -CHRISTI: When you put her on the spot... ...then why do you come back? I would have left had she not won that national title. I would have left. JEFF: So listen, our moms have always questioned Abby's creative vision. But one particular ethnic solo had Holly seeing red, and it got everybody talking about Laquifa. -What? JEFF: Let's take a look at this Laquifa number. What? They Call Me Laquifa. Gotcha. SINGER: ♪ They call me Laquifa ♪ -♪ I'm a post-modern--pin-- ♪ -SINGER: ♪ What? ♪ SINGER: ♪ They call me Laquifa ♪ -♪ I'm a post-modern-- ♪ -SINGER: ♪ What? What? What? ♪ ♪ What? What? What? ♪ HOLLY: She was wearing this '70s Afro wig. It just seemed so stereotypical. It is stereotypical. Absolutely. If I send her to an audition, it's going to be an ethnic call. It's like, there's a little undertone of nuance that is a little bit of a negativity. ABBY: She doesn't have good feet. She doesn't have great turnout. She doesn't straighten her knees. She's swayback. I'm telling you very nicely, pick the music, pick the choreographer. To have my kid dress up in an Afro? JEFF: So Holly, which part of that was the part that really got you going? Oh, the Afro heard 'round the world. JEFF: The Afro heard 'round the world. HOLLY: Look, I don't need an Afro wig to show me that I'm Black. And I don't need for Nia to think that that makes her Black. Her identity is bigger than an Afro wig. I think Nia is unique. And I don't think she has to be compromised by portraying a certain type of African-American. I think we've come a long way. And it didn't really celebrate any heritage. I have no problem with ethnic dances. I was in an African dance company. I loved my experience with that. What's your reasoning? Why all the ethnic dances for Nia? Because she's ethnic. If I'm doing a Swedish dance, I'm going to use Chloe and Paige. But it's what they're going to win with. It's their best shot at success. And it's the Abby Lee Dance Company, so I want to go in there and win. For me to do that, I felt that's what the music dictated. I wanted it to be fun. I wanted it to be exciting. And like you said, she's much bigger than the Afro. But the Afro is big. It made a statement. Nia learned from it. She learned to embrace it. Whether Holly liked it or not, whether Holly respects it or not, I don't really care. -WOMAN: We know. -That's obvious. ABBY: My job is to teach Nia that these are the parts she's going to go after. She wants to do this professionally, -that's what she's going to do. -JEFF: All right. So Principal Holly is the one mom in the group who struggled with balancing a full-time career and a full-time competition season. But there were times that straddling both these worlds didn't sit too well with you. So let's take a look at this. Parents worked hard to be here today. HOLLY: Here, I think moms who don't work probably have a more flexible schedule. But you know that I work. ABBY: I feel right now that I care more about Nia's success than you do. -No, you're-- -Your husband was here. He walked right in the door. Why didn't he stay? -Abby, if you-- -ABBY: My dad even took me to the mother-daughter talk about getting your period. My dad took me, because my mother was at work. Figure it out, because you know what, the kid needs somebody. -Abby, was I-- -She's not that swift. HOLLY: How dare you? You think you're up here because you have a doctorate, -and everybody else is down here. -That's your problem, Abby. You are intimidated by me because I have my doctorate. Bull! So Holly, during the evolution of the show, we watched you get your doctorate. -So hats off to you. Congratulations. -Thank you. JEFF: So because you've straddled this fence back and forth, does that mean that women can't do it all? HOLLY: The demands of a competitive dance team, working full time, and also maintaining what was needed in our household, I had to re-evaluate. And I don't want working moms to think that they can't have it all. I think you can. But you have to really evaluate what's best for your interest for your family. And for me, I thought as a working mother, it's a great model, not only for Nia, but the other girls on a competitive dance team, to see that you can have a career, that you can be married and have a household, and still be there for your family and doing whatever they need to. JEFF: If you've ever wondered what makes a good dance mom, these ladies have shown that good sewing skills and a quick comeback are essential. But for dance mom Jill Vertes, a sexy 1-900 voice and knowing how to storm out of a studio are the qualities that make her memorable. All right, Jill. Come on out. -JEFF: Wow. -Hi, guys. Hello, everybody. Did you miss me? -Hi, Jeff. -She really doesn't need a seat. She doesn't stay long. -Oh, I'm not going anywhere. - So here's the question that everybody seems to want to know. Is she a studio hopper or a concerned mom who just wants the best for her kid? Judge for yourself. WOMAN: She lives down the street, and yet she drove an hour in each direction. CHRISTI: She's been to three studios in six years. I don't think it's getting tired of studios. -Really? What have you heard? -WOMAN: I think it's getting-- - -I'll pack my bags and go home right now. Is that what-- would that make you guys really happy? -No, that would not make me happy. -JILL: Because that's what I'm doing. -ABBY: And you know who's gonna lose? -I'm sick of this . -You--it's gonna be-- -I'm done! It's going to be your daughter that loses. -I'm done! Good for you. -ABBY: It's your daughter. JILL: We're done at Abby's. I'm taking you somewhere where they are going to appreciate you. -CATHY: Were you looking to join-- -I need a studio. You might want to just go ahead and join with us. -and become an Apple. -JILL: Absolutely. I need--I need fun. I know you have a lot of students, but if you can't give my student enough time, how can I continue to keep bringing her to you, when you can't give her the time of day? I made a mistake going to Candy Apples. And I would really like for you to find a spot for Kendall on this team like you did once before. ABBY: Still the same old Jill. All right, so when she went to Candy Apples, you said that that was the ultimate betrayal. So why did you take her back? Because of Kendall. Kendall is a good kid. She's smart. She picks up quickly. She's only nine years old. And she's beautiful. JEFF: Christi, from the very first time you met Jill, you said you didn't like her. Someone said to me, wait until you meet Jill. She is the ultimate stage mom. She will do absolutely anything in her power to get her kid ahead. But, you know, I-- She just likes you because you eat money out of men's pants. -Well, that's what we - Oh, what's that story? CHRISTI: We went to a local establishment, we'll say. But next thing I know, there's a very young man who may be young enough to be your son with a couple of twenties sticking out of his waistband. And Jill is taking them out of his waist with her teeth. -JEFF: Whoa! -CHRISTI: With her teeth! JILL: I just got in there-- CHRISTI: No, he offered it to me, and I passed. And you told me to take the stick out of my ass. - -WOMAN: Yeah. All right, so Jill, when Abby told you to make a costume for Kendall, you kind of cheated. You used an old one. Do you feel that you bent the rules a little bit there? JILL: I'm going to be perfectly honest. I did not bend the rules, because every single one, except Christi, used an old costume. I don't care what they say-- You couldn't use a costume from another studio, though. -That was-- -But no, she didn't tell me that. MELISSA: Yes, she did. Yes, she did. She told all of us that. HOLLY: And Nia did not use a costume that she has worn before. ABBY: I wanted you to do it. And I was trying to teach the kids, you can make do with what you have. It's about your talent. That was the lesson. You cheated. We're going to have to agree to disagree. JEFF: Okay, Jill's not the only one who's been under fire. Melissa came under a lot of scrutiny by other moms because of her personal life. HOLLY: She's so forthcoming. She'll tell you anything about her body, nooks, crevices, desires, taboos. -All that. - HOLLY: I lost my appetite. I mean, I know that she's cleanly shaved down there, but she won't tell me she's engaged. -Hello? -That's a little too personal. She's such a bitch. JEFF: The moms threw you an unwanted bachelorette party. And they badgered you about your engagement ring. And you felt ganged up on. Why? I wanted to keep it private because... my significant other is going through a divorce. So I didn't feel that it was necessary to have it on TV. JEFF: You actually had a lawyer write a letter to the other dance moms and tell them that you didn't want them to talk about your personal life on television, or else you were going to take legal action. I can't believe that she sent a letter to all of us from an attorney that was hired to say that we're not allowed to discuss her personal life. -And she's supposed to be our friend. -Who does that? What friend sends you a letter from an attorney? CHRISTI: And then if you do talk about it, she threatens to sue you. -Like, friends don't sue friends. -Nope. All of us felt like, friends don't sue friends. I did not sue you. This is not my attorney. It's Greg's attorney. I would never go to a friend and threaten legal action -and still call you a friend. -JILL: Wait. Why did you get engaged when he was still married? -That's none of your business, Jill. -JILL: If you had just waited until-- but I'm saying, then none of this would have happened, because that's what you were hiding. -He's still married, and you're engaged. -MELISSA: But that's not-- -I wasn't hiding that he was married. -JILL: But, I mean, from the public-- that's what the problem is. But that's why you didn't want it on national TV. If you just said, wait, honey, till your divorce is final, which you said it would have been a year ago-- MELISSA: Well, maybe that's what you would have done, -but this is what we wanted to do. -Well, I'm just asking. -You could have-- -And it was a very special time for me. It was wonderful. And, you know what, the kids wanted it, I wanted it, so we did that. KELLY: But that's why-- we knew you wanted it. And, like, you said you sent Paige a picture of it. -Paige was so thrilled for you. -MELISSA: I know she was. But that's why we talked about it with you. We didn't think that it was something wrong to talk about. MELISSA: Because Paige texted me on Christmas. ABBY: But then what about the very first time she asked you, please don't talk about it? -Why didn't it just go away? -But why do you have to speak for her? -You had nothing to do with it. -ABBY: Well, I didn't-- -I didn't have an attorney. -No. But you know what, this has nothing to do with you. This is between the five of us. It really doesn't. -ABBY: But it affected my studio. -MELISSA: No, it doesn't Abby. -Yes, it does. -MELISSA: But it's over now. Because guess what? He's going to be divorced in seven, 10 days, 14 days, 15 days, whatever. -JILL: Good for you. -ABBY: Maybe. JILL: And how soon are you getting married? -Can we talk about that? -As soon as we can. -As soon as he's divorced. -JILL: Yay! -In any event, we're very happy for you. -Thank you. Me, too. JEFF: We're very happy that you're in love again. Are we coming to the wedding? Absolutely not. I was planning on surprising the kids, but I don't know where we're going to get married. Can the cameras come? MELISSA: I don't know about that. I don't think Greg will allow that. JEFF: So ladies, I've got a question for you. When I say the name Cathy from Candy Apples, tell me what pops into your mind. Witch. Holly? Silly. Little shoes. Just... -JEFF: Christi? -Jerky. -JEFF: Kelly? -Stalker. -JEFF: Jill? -Annoying. HOLLY: Frankly, when I'm out, people will ask about Cathy. -WOMAN: All the time. -Tell me, what is she like? And I just say, she's special. Like, she's like a special... KELLY: is Cathy really that crazy? WOMAN: It's almost like Cathy-- HOLLY: She's like a cartoon character. She's like the coyote. You know? Like, you know they're never going to catch Roadrunner, but they're going to try to throw an anvil on you. That's exactly right. JEFF: So Cathy, come on out. - - -WOMAN: Sexy. -CATHY: Hello. WOMAN: Yes. How's my little Pittsburgh babes? JEFF: So Cathy, let's just get right to it. There were some very tense moments that happened recently, which we're all anxious to talk about. -So let's take a look at this clip. -WOMAN: Yeah, because I have no idea. Oh, you're leaving? -Yeah, we're leaving. -WOMAN: All right. Let's go. -CATHY: Yeah, bye-bye. -Bye. -WOMAN: Safe travels. -CATHY: Bye, guys. So, to sum up your trip to Hollywood, California, -failures! -WOMAN: Keep going. Keep going. Cathy, you're unbe-wee-vable! Christi, enough. She seriously just threw water on me? A-L-D-C! A-L-D-C! CHRISTI: Just because you're condescending doesn't make you classy. CATHY: You're nothing but a hillbilly. Oh, yeah? How classy is that? What do you think, Cathy? I think that Sparky over there needed cooling down. That's why the water went on her. JEFF: From day one, what is it about the two of you? I think that we constantly see this in everybody's face. So that's why that happened. I mean, screaming and yelling about clean Chloe's clock and, you know, Justice has been her two times in a row. So, you know, you would be-- KELLY: You were the one out there chanting... ALL: Clean Chloe's clock-- -And the whole Candy Apple chant. -We weren't-- And we didn't come after you. We did not know that that was your dressing room. KELLY: And you knew we were at that competition. That's why you were there. That's why, Jeff, I called her a stalker. -Because everywhere we go, Cathy's there. -CATHY: Kelly... Kelly, as far as I know, it was an invitational, and we were invited. -So I think that the thing that we need-- -CHRISTI: What about the 50 other com-- CATHY: We don't come after you. We just come to competitions. We're not chasing after you. ABBY: I don't know, Cathy. It sure seems like it. -There's over 800 dance competition. -I think it's a coincidence, Abby. -ABBY: In the United States. -You know it's a coincidence. Good, healthy competition and good, healthy rivalry is fine. But for some reason, all of you turn it into vindictive vicious. ABBY: You're saying that good, healthy competition is okay? But why would you come to the studio where we were? There were 18 other studios invited to the competition. They weren't all rehearsing right next door to me in the other room, chanting about me. CHRISTI: You know what, there was a lot of emotions running high that evening. We obviously won and we beat you, and you were just trying to leave the building. And then I think things escalated because of all the feelings that were going on and the emotions from that week. JEFF: What is it about the two of you? It's like oil and water. CHRISTI: Uh, clearly we're not ever going to call each other up and go to lunch, clearly. However, you know, I appreciate a quick wit. When I'm in a room with the two of you, it's almost comical at times, because-- It is, Holly. -Uh-hmm. -But excuse me, it upsets the children. There's more to life than winning. -And I feel very sorry for you-- -There's a lot more to life. But you don't recognize any of that. Yes, I do, Cathy. CATHY: It seems like the conversation always has to end with, and we were winning. Abby, I think I have way more class than you do. I think that you're a loud mouth. A loud mouth? You were at the theater. And I'm still apologizing for my behavior. Oh, no, you're not! JEFF: So Cathy, in the time that you spent at the Abby Lee Dance Company... -CATHY: Uh-hhm? -JEFF: ...what did you walk away with? Abby clearly has different tactics than I do. I am very nurturing. She is very aggressive. She is not nice to her customers. I think that one of the reasons why I have much more clientele at my studio is because I'm a businessperson as well as a-- I'm not done, so close your mouth and pull your finger back. -ABBY: Business first, talent second. -CATHY: Pull your finger back. -I'm the other way around. -CATHY: No, that's not true. And I think that the mothers deserve respect. I don't think that the mothers should be annihilated. I don't think that the mothers should be accountable for having to go get props, having to rhinestone costumes. Abby is very good at what she does, and Abby does produce fine talent. So I'm going to give Abby kudos. We've known each other for quite some time, and we may not always win, but we win enough that you know we do create a good competition for you. All right, so on that note, I want to thank all you ladies for coming tonight. That's all we've got time for this week. Next time, the Dance Moms reunion continues in part two. We'll be talking much more with Cathy, plus more questions from Dance Moms fans. Don't miss it. Good night, everybody. Enjoy. SINGER: ♪ Living on the dance floor ♪ ABBY: Next on Dance Moms... What's your problem with me? You're doing the same thing to your kids that your mom and dad did to you. Maybe someday say, you know what, Paige, someday you will be able to be a Rockette. I've said it to her over and over and over again. The Candy Apple dancers have only beat Abby's group once. Could it be that she's just better than you? CATHY: Um, hmm. JEFF: Please welcome Kaya. KAYA: I mean, from the day I walked in there, it's like you had an issue with me. CHRISTI: I don't know why she would just get to walk in and be on it when there's other kids who have had to go through-- Other kids don't have a resume like hers. We're going to have to just agree that we disagree. You've been crossing the line ever since the show started. All of you have. CHRISTI: Don't let the door hit your on the way out, then. But you are just one bitter bitch.
