ABBY: Coming up, we're going to take a look at the dances from all the seasons of Dance Moms from the disasters to the flawless.
We'll see it all.
And I'll prove to you that the more these Dance Moms butt out, the better the dances become.
ANNOUNCER: ABBY: So stick around as I count down from the worst to the best dance routines right now.
SINGER: ♪ Get up♪ ♪Get on the floor♪ ♪My world is with my girls ♪ ♪Living on the dance floor ♪ This is something I've always wanted to do.
I'm about to share my favorite dance performances, including some incredible numbers that didn't make the cut.
And since I'm Abby Lee Miller, I'm going to do something that no other choreographer would dare do.
I'm going to show you some disastrous moments.
So, get ready because I'm about to count down from the worst to the very best dance performances from all seasons.
Let's kick things off with a number that was sabotaged by a dance mom.
The worst dance at number 10, here's Pin-Up Girls.
SINGER: ♪My 15 minutes of fame, I want it♪ ♪I want it♪ ♪My 15 minutes of fame, I want it♪ ♪ I want it ♪ ♪My 15 minutes of fame, I want it♪ ♪I want it, my 15...♪ SINGER: ♪...of fame I want it, I want it ♪ ♪It's hard...♪ Good turn.
Good job.
SINGER: ♪Paparazzi's following me, so I...♪ Chloe's headpiece's falling in front of her face.
SINGER: ♪I want to shut down...♪ Oh, my God.
♪So I can shop all alone♪ Oh, my God.
I'm going to lose it.
SINGER: ♪That I can sell as my own♪ Oh, she can't see.
Put your head back, please, darling.
Oh, my God.
I'm going to lose it.
SINGER: ♪ My 15 minutes of...
♪ -Oh, no.
-SINGER: ♪I want it, I want it♪ ♪My 15 minutes of fame, I want it♪ ♪I want it♪ ♪My 15 minutes of fame, I want it♪ ♪I want it♪ ♪My 15 minutes of fame♪ ♪I want it♪ ANNOUNCER: Overall high score, junior trio with a score of 282 out of a 300.
First place goes to Abby Lee Dance Company, Pin-Up Girls.
ABBY: Everybody should remember that number.
That's the routine that started it all.
Were you watching the choreography?
The jumps, the kicks, the turns?
Or were you watching Chloe's headpiece fall down in front of her face?
That's what happens when your mother's in the bar having a drink.
What's more important, your daughter or the drink?
Christi, get backstage and do your job.
You have a responsibility here and I want to see that headpiece sewn into your daughter's head.
That kid's headpiece just ruined my entire number.
I choreographed an adorable routine for Vivi-Anne.
Too bad her mother, Cathy, ruined it with her horrible moves.
Here's a pretty embarrassing dance at number nine, The Bumble Bee.
SINGER: ♪Tastes so sweet from her head to her feet♪ ♪Know that's something that can't be beat♪ ♪No word of a lie, so don't even try ♪ ♪Ain't no honey sweeter than my honeybee♪ ♪Can't you see?
♪ ♪She's so fine♪ ♪She's all mine♪ ♪I'll adore her 'til the end of time ♪ ♪No need to implore, she's mine for sure♪ ♪Ain't no honey sweeter than my honeybee♪ ♪There ain't no honey sweeter than my honeybee♪ -So I apologize.
-All I have in this world is my name.
Whether it be at a...
-It won't...
-...at a local competition or...
It will not happen again.
...at a Broadway audition, it is my name.
I know, Abby.
And it won't happen again.
Because that was embarrassing.
You need to move on.
-We're going to move on.
-We moved on from...
♪We can move...♪ -Look, wait...
-From the wrong costumes...
♪We can move on...♪ -We moved on from the wrong outfits...
-♪ Moving on.
Moving on up...
♪ -I know, but, Cathy...
-Abby, I know.
I know.
-I know how you are.
-Okay.
I know how you are.
This kid is not a killer bee.
I have seen her do this number years ago and she won everything.
And she looked adorable in the costume.
I mean, come on, Vivi-Anne.
You're a bee.
Where's that killer instinct?
Where's that drive?
Go get 'em.
Sting your mother.
Come on.
We're in New York and the supposed cream-of-the-crop dance moms couldn't even get it together enough to bring proper leotards and dance shoes.
Here's a perfect example of what happens when dance moms stress out their daughters.
Here's what you get, a mediocre performance.
At number eight, Jailbirds.
SINGER: ♪ Boys♪ ♪Games ♪ ♪ Lies ♪ ♪ Pain ♪ ♪Don't let him hurt you ♪ ♪Don't ever compromise♪ ♪Don't walk into their web of lies♪ ♪You've got to stand up ♪ ♪You've got to take control♪ ♪You've got to keep those boys in line♪ ♪Don't let him use you♪ ♪Don't let him fool around♪ ♪There's only one thing on their mind♪ ♪You've got to stand up ♪ ♪Don't take it lying down♪ ♪ Get off your back♪ ♪It's such a crime ♪ ♪If you don't wanna get hurt♪ ♪Don't let him hurt you♪ ♪Don't ever compromise ♪ ♪Don't walk into their web of lies ♪ ♪You've got to stand up ♪ ♪ You've got to take control ♪ ♪ You've got to keep those boys in line ♪ ♪Don't let him use you♪ ♪Don't let him fool around ♪ ♪There's only one thing on their mind ♪ ♪You've got to stand up ♪ ♪Don't take it lying down♪ ♪Get off your back♪ ♪It's such a crime♪ ♪If you don't wanna get hurt, you've gotta hurt them first♪ Hurt Them First, Abby Lee Dance Company.
ABBY: The number Jailbirds was a tribute to Bob Fosse.
I think Mr.
Fosse would be rolling over in his grave if he saw this number.
I mean, come on, girls.
It's sharp.
It's cool.
It's sophisticated.
Use your plie.
Get your hip down.
Close your rib cage.
Turn that thigh out.
What are you doing?
You have to let me down and let me down big time.
Girls, I'm disappointed.
You made a lot of mistakes.
You were sloppy dancers out there and you got cocky.
Tenth?
Abby Lee doesn't do tenth.
This didn't make the list, but you got to see it.
I spend weeks planning every little detail that goes into a dance performance, but then the kid gets on stage and it all goes to hell in a handbasket.
Whenever a kid screws up, I know there's always a dance mom behind it.
Check out these, er, disastrous dances.
♪ Another year, another season ♪ ♪ Another story closed again♪ She's crying.
SINGER: ♪ ♪ ♪Mystery♪ ♪ I'm so ♪ ♪You can't see the half of me ♪ ♪ And start to ♪ - - ANNOUNCER: Give a nice round of applause.
That wasn't very comfortable.
SINGER: Oh, my...
SINGER: ♪ My dream last night♪ ♪You had your smile so white♪ ♪I thought your teeth are the stars♪ ♪ We never got to say goodbye♪ ♪ We never sat down and cried♪ ♪And watched each other's tears fall out ♪ ♪So I never got a chance to tell you♪ ♪Just exactly how well you♪ ♪Carved your home in my heart♪ SINGER: ♪You can stay here a while in this hotel heart♪ No, no, no.
No.
Abby's going to freak out on me.
I want to go again.
Can I please go again?
I'll tell you what.
I've had it with these kids.
They keep forgetting their routines.
Think.
Use your brain.
Dance.
They can't think of one step.
I mean, come on.
Really?
Moms, this is what I keep telling you.
Your children need to think for themselves.
This is my reputation you're playing with.
If you are not prepared to do the solo, you should not be entered.
The Abby Lee Dance Company has a reputation and you better live up to it.
I'm back counting down from the worst to the best dances from last season.
Brooke is one of the best acrobatic students I've ever had and she'll be dancing in Cirque someday if she sticks with it.
But each week, it's always something that gets in her way, something or her mother.
At number seven, here's Brooke in Garden of Eden.
SINGER: ANNOUNCER: The Garden of Eden from Abby Lee Dance Company.
ABBY: They say that Adam made Eve.
I made Brooke.
She is an elegant performer on stage.
She's incredibly strong and oh-so flexible.
But you combine those two elements and you work diligently year after year, after year, then you can get on stage and look like that.
She does it with ease.
She's a great performer.
She nails it every time on the stage.
And hey, let's face it, all of those acrobatic stunts impress the crowd.
People like tricks.
Gets them every time.
Every once in a while, I like to really shake up the judges with something different, something a little wild, something unexpected.
So I had the girls learn how to do the death drop.
But it was the judges who nearly dropped dead.
This dance was good, not great, but good.
At number six, My Pumps.
SINGER: ♪Come on, girls ♪ ♪Do you believe in pumps?♪ ♪Cause I got something to sing about♪ ♪And it goes something like this♪ ♪Pumps♪ ♪My pumps ♪ ♪My pu-pu-pu-pu-pumps♪ ♪ Sometimes I wake up in the morning♪ ♪Don't want to get out of bed♪ ♪All the stress and strife of life♪ ♪Just running through my head♪ ♪Then I walk over to my closet and what do I see?♪ ♪Rows and rows of shiny pumps just staring back at me♪ ♪My pumps get me into it♪ ♪My pumps lift me up ♪ ♪My pumps take me up so high ♪ ♪Can never get enough ♪ ♪My pumps ♪ ♪Girl, get into it ♪ ♪My pumps ♪ ♪I'm feeling moans♪ ♪ When I feel a five-inch, Lord Jesus, I am home ♪ ♪ You can't bring me down ♪ ♪Don't you sit and hate♪ ♪You can't bring me down♪ ♪Just congratulate♪ ♪Pumps ♪ ♪ My pumps ♪ ♪ Pumps ♪ ♪My pumps♪ ♪Here I go, click, click♪ ♪Click, click♪ ♪Click, click, click, click♪ ♪Watch me while I catch a trick♪ ♪Swish, swish, swish, sway♪ ♪Pumps, pumps, pumps, pumps, pu-pu-pu-pu-pu-pumps♪ ♪My pumps ♪ ♪ Pumps ♪ ♪ My pumps ♪ ♪ Pumps ♪ ♪ My pumps ♪ ♪My pumps ♪ ♪ Pu-pumps, Pumps, Pumps ♪ ♪My pumps ♪ ABBY: Jazz dance is America's true folk dance and there's many different styles of jazz from lyrical and contemporary, all the way to musical theater.
And somewhere right in between is jazz funk.
That's what My Pumps is.
It's creative.
It's fun.
And my girls rocked those wigs.
They love their fur costumes.
And Nia, she dropped it like a hot potato.
This didn't make the list, but you got to see it.
Cathy a.k.a.
the hick from Ohio is always going on and on about how she's an amazing choreographer.
Well, here's proof of her talent, ahem, or lack thereof.
And the dance moms don't look so hot, either.
Here's a dance number that never should have seen the light of day.
SINGER: ♪ That lass has class♪ ♪This chick is hip ♪ ♪And if she takes you on a ride, it's a real crazy trip♪ ♪The style, that smile♪ ♪That just goes on for miles♪ ♪That makes her so hard to resist ♪ ♪It all adds up to just one thing ♪ ♪Yeah, that girl's just gotta be kissed♪ ♪Better believe it ♪ ♪Her clothes, her hair, a look that's rare♪ ♪ And when she's passing by you know it's so hard not to stare♪ ♪Those lips, those hips, beyond compare♪ ♪That sway so gently as they twist♪ -What the hell is she doin'?
-What is she doin'?
SINGER: ♪And it all adds up to just...
♪ What the hell was that?
She changed the dance.
CATHY: I pretty much took center stage and I improvised but I think that the moms probably should have expected that being a dance teacher, I was going to put some of my own thing into it to jazz it up.
They should have expected that.
And if they didn't, then they got caught with their pants down.
ABBY: She changed the dance.
She's doing a solo out there.
What is she doing?
SINGER: ♪Yeah, that girl's just got to be...♪ She's trying to upstage everyone.
SINGER: ♪ ...be kissed, oh, yeah♪ She got us totally messed up.
That .
SINGER: ♪That chick's sure getting kissed♪ ABBY: We've seen some bad and pretty disappointing routines but now we're going to take a look at some of the great ones.
Christi is always accusing me of favoring Maddie over her daughter, Chloe.
That's a bunch of bunk.
Chloe is a very talented, beautiful, young dancer, and if I didn't think so, she wouldn't be on my competition team.
Chloe's got the drive, the dedication, and the determination.
But she's also got Christi for her mother.
Here's Chloe at number five in her solo, Dream On a Star.
SINGER: ♪Hush, now♪ ♪Don't speak♪ ♪This is just the start♪ ♪Words can't save us, spinning in my heart♪ ♪Little things that bind ♪ ♪ Are stronger than you know♪ ♪ Gentle smiling heart♪ ♪There'll always be hope♪ ♪Dream on a star♪ ♪We're more than we are ♪ ♪Heaven's here tonight♪ ♪ A magic burning bright♪ ♪An angel full of light♪ ♪You're never alone♪ ♪Dream on a star♪ ♪ We're more than we are ♪ ♪Heaven's here tonight♪ ♪A magic burning bright♪ ♪An angel full of light ♪ ♪You're never alone♪ ♪Dream on a star♪ ♪ Dream on a star ♪ ♪Dream, dream, dream ♪ ♪Dream, dream♪ ♪Mm♪ ANNOUNCER: Dream On a Star ABBY: I am so proud of Chloe's Star performance.
She was excellent.
She nailed every single turn she did.
Her leaps landed without a sound.
Her leg lifted effortlessly.
I think Chloe has the whole package.
She has an amazing dancer's body.
She has beautiful lines.
She's going to make it someday in this business.
There's no doubt about it.
Chloe will end up a professional dancer.
Let's just hope her mother doesn't get in the way.
For a kid to give a great performance, They have to bring something more to the stage.
More than just dance ability and technique.
They have to bring their feelings, their emotion.
They have to bring that number to life.
And that's just what Maddie did in her tribute to her late grandmother in this moving performance of Angel at number four in my countdown to the best performance of last season.
SINGER: ♪You are the sky ♪ ♪ The moon, and night♪ ♪You are my life, a shining light ♪ ♪These things I've learned♪ ♪Are never ending stories ♪ ♪We will tell ♪ ♪You don't know what a song you sang♪ ♪You don't know how much joy you bring♪ ♪You are my angel, angel♪ ♪Asleep inside your halo, halo♪ ♪I'm right beside you and you know♪ ♪You know how much you're loved♪ ♪I know you forever will be my angel♪ ♪Since you believed in me ♪ ♪ You turned my life into a dream♪ ♪ I never could have known♪ ♪How much your heart would lift me up♪ ♪You don't know what a song you sang♪ ♪You don't know how much joy you bring ♪ ♪You are my angel, angel♪ ♪Asleep inside your halo, halo♪ ♪ I'm right beside you ♪ ♪And you know, you know how much your loved ♪ ♪I know you forever will be my angel♪ ♪Asleep inside your halo, halo♪ ♪I'm right beside you♪ ♪ And you know, you know how much you're loved♪ ♪I know you forever will be my angel ♪ ♪Forever will be my angel ♪ My gosh, Maddie!
ABBY: I think Maddie is a real performer.
She connects with the audience.
She sends that message.
She brings people to tears.
She inspires other people to dance.
She inspires me to be a better choreographer.
Bravo.
Here's a dance that you've never seen before, but I think you should have.
SINGER: ♪And there's people all on medication ♪ ♪ All over this town♪ ♪For depression and anxiety♪ ♪Going to turn it around♪ ♪What did they do in the old days♪ ♪When they were feeling obscure?
♪ ♪Did they drink themselves silly♪ ♪Or did they have their own cure?
♪ ♪And there's people on...♪ I'm back counting down from the worst to the best dances from last season.
This didn't make the list, but you got to see it.
Every time Mackenzie prances on stage, she wins over the crowd.
You'll see why in the cutest dance ever.
ANNOUNCER: Joining us next onto the stage for ages seven, eight, number 321.
MELISSA: Yeah, Mackenzie!
ANNOUNCER: For the top junior petite soloist today it's going to 321, Bigger Isn't Better.
It's Mackenzie from Abby Lee Dance.
ABBY: Maybe Mackenzie has what it takes after all.
I always compare her to Maddie and maybe I shouldn't, but how can I not?
They're sisters.
When Maddie was seven, she was already doing the work of 13 and 14-year-olds.
Now we have Mackenzie.
That kid cartwheels from the minute she wakes up in the morning, until her head hits that pillow at night.
This kid is sassy, and bratty, and nobody's going to tell her what to do.
Well, except me.
It's no secret that Maddie and Chloe are my top dancers.
So when I paired them together in a beautiful duet, it was nothing less than stellar.
The less these moms get involved, the better the dances turn out.
At number three, here's Black Swan.
ABBY: That performance blew me away.
Maddie and Chloe on stage together?
Breathtaking.
These two push each other.
They push each other hard, and they compliment each other.
They have nice lines.
Their feet are pointed.
Their knees are straight.
They want to win, and they want to work together.
I just wish that Melissa and Christi would learn to work together.
It would be so much better if these two moms could get on the same track as their daughters.
Every once in a while, I choreograph a number that is too beautiful for words.
Finally, the moms backed off, and here's the result.
At number two, My Beauty.
SINGER: ♪So this is me♪ ♪This is you♪ ♪Up close and true♪ ♪Let's all be so bright and new♪ ♪Oh, how good it feels ♪ ♪ To be beautiful ♪ ♪How wonderful it feels to be beautiful♪ ♪Say hello to your reflection♪ ♪See yourself, your true perfection ♪ ♪Oh, you know just who you are♪ ♪You're meant to be ♪ ♪Oh, how good it feels ♪ ♪ To be beautiful ♪ ♪How wonderful it feels to be beautiful♪ ♪So this is me ♪ ♪This is you ♪ ♪And everything we do♪ ♪Feels just the way that it's supposed to♪ ♪ And, oh, how good it feels♪ ♪To be beautiful ♪ ♪How wonderful it feels to be beautiful♪ ♪Oh, oh♪ ♪Oh, oh ♪ ♪ Oh, oh ♪ ♪Oh, Oh, oh♪ ♪Oh, oh♪ ♪Oh, oh...♪ This is My Beauty, Abby Lee Dance Company!
Make some noise!
ABBY: That was our national title winner right there.
Beautiful.
And the girls were beautiful.
The costumes were feminine, and frilly, and pink, and everybody felt good about it.
We used another prop, a mirror, because it was a reflection.
A reflection looking back on the entire season.
They were the National winners.
It was great.
This didn't make the list, but you gotta see it.
Nia has a lot of potential, and if her mother, Holly, would just butt out, this kid might stand a chance.
Here's Nia in The Funkiest Dance.
SINGER: ♪They call me Laquifa ♪ ♪The postmodern pim-what?♪ ♪They call me Laquifa, the postmodern pim-what?
♪ ♪Laquifa, what♪ ♪Laquifa♪ ♪What?
What?♪ ♪Laquifa ♪ ♪What?♪ ♪Laquifa.
What?
What?♪ ♪I said what?
I said what?♪ ♪I said I-I-I said what?♪ ♪I said what?
I said what?
♪ ♪I said what?
They call-They call...♪ ♪Work the Hallelu, work the Hallelu♪ ♪Work the Hallelu♪ ♪Work the Hallelu, work the Hallelu♪ ♪Work the Hallelu, work the Hallelu ♪ ♪What?
Work the...♪ Before we get to the number one best dance performance of last season, I want to show you a number that I think should have won.
Nothing gives me more pleasure than to piss off these moms, so when I decided to choreograph an amazing group number with the secret agent theme, of course the girls would be dancing with guns.
But as always, it was the moms who were gunning for me.
Here's a slick group routine, Secret Agents.
Did you see that gold on that stage?
Just...
HOLLY: Gorgeous.
I didn't think it had it all together at the beginning of the week and sing on stage.
-Oh, they were fabulous.
-I have to admit I...
ABBY: It looked like they were in a show.
-It was great.
-It was really good.
Don't your stomachs get full eating crow week after week after week?
I am fired up.
Those girls were outstanding.
The secret agents were sassy and cool.
They looked amazing in the costumes, and the mothers complain, complain, complain.
I had those girls and turtlenecks and trench coats.
How much more modest can you be?
I just think they didn't like the guns.
They're props.
They were spray painted gold.
They're brilliant on stage.
I mean, come on, ladies.
Admit it.
I was right.
All right, this is it.
We've been counting down from the worst to the best dance performances of last season.
The moms fought me tooth and nail on this one, but the judges knew better.
At number one on the countdown.
Here's my personal favorite, Where Have All the Children Gone?
NARRATOR: The creaking silence of age echoes through the streets.
All of the children once running around have evacuated.
Or maybe they just disappeared.
Just yesterday, they were tying ribbons in trees and swinging from the branches.
They were leaping over hot coals and swooning at anything.
Where have all the children gone?
Who remain wander around like abandoned children in shopping malls.
Maybe this is just a dream.
Maybe we are sleeping in rooms filled with metal shelves.
If we put our ears to those shelves emptied by the fingers of fathers to the flesh of their sons and daughters.
Where have all the children gone?
But we know this.
It's really happening.
Where have all the children gone?
Entry number 250.
Where Have All The Children...
ABBY: There you have it.
I think those numbers were spectacular.
I'm exhausted just thinking about all the time and energy that went into creating each one of those pieces.
I hope you like them and if you don't, I don't really care.
Go stand with the other Dance Moms and complain.
