ABBY: Previously on Dance Moms... We will be traveling to California to go to the iHollywood competition. Remember, this is the road to nationals. We are on our way. Maddie is doing a solo this weekend. Abby's gonna tell you you're doing a solo, and you're not. ANNOUNCER: And our top junior soloist. Justin takes it. ABBY: Maddie, do you get it? Do you understand why I wanted you to do your solo? Paige hurts her foot. You're not in the dance. ABBY: Coming up on Dance Moms... This is the competition that determines who is dancing at nationals. Do I have a solo? I'm just not sure yet. Toughen up. You're going to go to an audition and not get picked someday. While I'm out here in LA, we want to record Brooke's song professionally, and we want you guys to be her backup singers. SINGER: ♪ Play that racket till the sun goes down ♪ ♪ From the beach to the party to the underground ♪ Got to forget about the pain and you have to do what you know how to do. SINGER: ♪ Get up ♪ ♪ Get on the floor ♪ ♪ My world is with my girls living on the dance floor ♪ ABBY: Girls, let's go. Moms, welcome to Millennium. This is one of the premiere dance studios in LA. I'm really excited to be dancing at Millennium Dance Studio. Christina Aguilera and Britney Spears rehearsed there. It's just really cool to think about. All right, ladies, this week, we are staying right here in California. ABBY: Yes. But I want to talk about the iHollywood competition. You are not focused on that competition. Hey, guys, I need everybody dressed. I haven't even said who's in the dance and who isn't in the dance. And I want to compliment each and every one of you on that little girl, Nicaya that came to our studio. I want everyone to notice this pyramid, that there's no Kaya and no little Nicaya. You were all friendly. You all behaved like nice, young ladies. You guys, I don't know what happened. You don't know a thing, . Uh, beat it, . Don't let the door hit you on the way out then. Thank you, moms. They've run off another potential student. Let's put iHollywood behind us. We are moving on to the pyramid. On the bottom of the pyramid... Kendall, you're back on the team. That's where you have to start. I thought you were outstanding in the group routine. It's those shoulders, the technique, everything that has to continue to improve. I tried my hardest to get back on this team, but I'm also sad because I don't think it's fair that I have to be last on pyramid. ABBY: Next. Paige, you're coming off an injury. You did the group routine. I thought you did very well. You should be 100% by this week. You need to dance full out. Paige hasn't done a solo in weeks. She needs to get out on that stage and start dancing again. Come on, Paige, show me what you have. And next, Brooke. You were in a group dance and you did not finish the routine in time with everybody else. And next, we have Maddie. Maddie, in the group dance, you just kind of blended in. A dancer like you should stand out amongst the crowd. Maddie was at the bottom row, so it is what it is. What are you going to do? Moving up the ladder, Nia. You were given something different. The music was very difficult for me to choreograph to. It was also difficult to dance to. I thought you handled it really well. Your big problem is the technique, so you need to step it up, babe. Next, Chloe. Chloe, you made the top five. I want number one. You need to be consistent. You came out. You did two turns and bobbled all over the place. This is the week before nationals, so now I'm feeling pressure to do really good. On top of the pyramid is Mackenzie. Mackenzie was third overall high scorer in her division, so that put her on top of the pyramid, and I was very proud of you. MELISSA: Mackenzie's on the top of the pyramid this week. She's very excited because it doesn't happen very often for her. So she's really tickled. This week, we will be attending In10sity Dance Competition. This is the competition that determines who is dancing at nationals. This is a really big week for us. I need to figure out what's going to nationals, so I proceed to announce the new routines for In10sity Dance. Mackenzie, you are doing a solo. ABBY: It's called "A Perfect Day in the Sun." Chloe, you will be doing another contemporary lyrical routine entitled "Ghost." And Paige, you have a solo also. Kendall, you will be doing a solo. The name of your is "Kiss Kiss." Nia, we're changing it up again for you. You're going to be doing a '60s-inspired number. And Brooke, you're going to have to get your butt up in the air. The name of your solo is "Fly." So all of your aerial work needs to be in there. I see Melissa out of the corner of my eye going... "Maddie, get your hand up." Maddie, get your hand. Raise your hand. Melissa, butt out. Do I have a solo? I know darn well that Maddie is one of the strongest dancers on my team and that she should be doing a solo. But you know what? I can't give her one. Maddie, I'm not hurting your feelings. She has to want it. Maddie has to come to me and beg for that solo back. But I have a bunch of other kids that want to do solos. She wants to do a solo very bad. I understand that, but you interrupted her and wanted her not to do it because you were afraid of losing all your friends. MELISSA: It was really hard to see Maddie's face. I'm the one that didn't let her do a solo a few weeks ago. Abby's gonna tell you you're doing a solo, and you're not. And I'm not trying to speak for my children, but it's very hard when you see your child cry. ABBY: Maddie, toughen up. You're going to go to an audition and not get picked some day. Get it? And you need to stand there with a smile on your face. Everything for nationals rests on how they perform this week. And I, at this point, I feel so sad for Maddie because she's upset that she doesn't have a solo, and then she's dealing with like Abby's pent up frustration that she's no longer her favorite. All right. Moms, you're dismissed. Ladies, spread apart. Let's start warming up. Reach towards the mirror. Arch. Two, three, four. Nationals is next week, so to prepare, I'm giving each one of the girls a solo at In10sity Dance Competition. Well, almost everybody. Maddie was trying to fight back the tears, but she just couldn't, you know. KELLY: But why was she crying, just because she didn't get a solo? Yeah. I mean, because everybody has a solo. -And when your-- -Melissa, my kids -never have a solo, ever. -I know, but if-- Kelly, if you're all--if everybody got a solo except your daughter, you don't think she would be hurt? If my kid goes up and raises her hand and asks for a solo, is she going to give her one? Mm-hmm. -No. -CHRISTI: No. No! So why does it work that way? -Because my kids would like... -But she can get-- to have a solo every week, too. It gets to work that way for Maddie. When Brooke was little, she used to be the favorite. She used to be the "Maddie" of the group. And this is how Abby works. She finds somebody that's young and amazing, and then once they win it all and they start losing the ambition, because she burns them out, she moves on to somebody else. Mackenzie, you only have four days to learn this solo. You need to step it up. Get it? All right. So it's called "A Perfect Day in the Sun." Mackenzie has a darling little solo. I just hope she can remember. And go. Chaine. Chaine. Sit. Boom. Up. Just here. No body roll. Just here. But you're facing this way. You need to face the corner. It's a lot of pressure because I'm at the top of the pyramid and I have to remember it all. I'm leaving. Where are you going? I'm going to take my kids somewhere. To do what? Just leaving. There's only 20 minutes left so... -What have you got going on? -I'm just going. I'm leaving. I'm going. There's no reason to be here. My liar radar went up. Beep, beep, beep, beep. Because there is no way Melissa was leaving dance early because dance is her life. I knew she was going somewhere. It was somewhere important. Please. She probably has meeting, meeting, meeting, meeting, meeting, meeting, meeting, -commercial meeting set up. -But why is it such a secret? Like why does she just sneak out and do it behind our backs? That's how she operates. Okay, come on, kids. Right here in this cool door. JEN: Hi, gorgeous. How are you? -Hello. -Hi, Katie. How are you? I have been in contact with an agency since last summer, so I thought I'd take my children to a general meeting, to MSA. How long have you been dancing, honey? For seven years. Okay, great. Well, I think you guys would be really fantastic, obviously, for commercials. Commercials are great for kids. What would the next step be 'cause we like-- to get Mackenzie into a commercial, or you know. As soon as something comes up that they're right for, you know, I'll let you guys know. I'll submit them and we'll go from there. -Okay, great. -JEN: Cool? -Thank you so much... -You're welcome. ...for meeting with us on such short notice. I understand. It's no problem. Maddie and Kenzie both shined at the interview, I feel, and Jen and the girls really made a connection. So I'm hoping for the best. ABBY: So ready? Let's take it from the top. ♪ See the yoga buddies in their SUVs ♪ ♪ They got their cups of coffee and their inner peace ♪ ♪ See the homeless dude sleeping in a box ♪ ♪ Just look the other way, but it never stops ♪ PAIGE: I'm running my dance, "City of Angels." And I really like it, but I know that Abby is watering it down just because of my foot. And it's starting to hurt, so I don't know if I'll be able to dance at competition. ABBY: Let's go. We got to move. You're out of here. Thank you, Kelly. Paige's foot is not 100% healed yet, so I can't make her run the routine over and over and over. It could cause more injury to the foot. -How are you feeling? -Do you like your number? -Are you on the couch most of the time? -HOLLY: Don't cry. -Oh, no, no, no. -JILL: Don't cry, Paige. KELLY: Did Abby say something? My foot hurts. KELLY: Paige has had a broken foot. And for her to go out there after having one hour to learn a dance and to practice on a prop is not fair. Hi, ladies. Hey. ABBY: This is a busy day for me. We have two more days until the competition, 48 hours. I have six solos to look at. So girls, we're going to work. Chloe is doing a routine called "Ghost." The music is pretty. It gets bigger and bigger. I think this is a good number for her. ABBY: Chloe, remember, I am watching everybody. This routine this week is my decision for nationals. I've been very impressed with Chloe for the last two weeks. She's worked hard. Keep working on it. Tell me a story. This kid has got it. So guys, Brooke and I were talking, and you know how she wrote a song? While I'm out here in LA, we want to record Brooke's song professionally, -That's awesome. -...and we want you guys to come with us and be her backup singers. Brooke wants to have a singing career. Well, I've hired a music producer to record her song. SINGER: ♪ Woo, come on, girls ♪ ♪ We got a bunch of kids, the coolest ones around ♪ ♪ Shake it, shake it, baby, make the world go round ♪ Nia's routine is packed full of entertainment value. SINGER: ♪ We're going to get the party going ♪ ♪ Pump that crowd ♪ ♪ Shake it ♪ And that's Nia does best. Okay, this is a '60s number. Some people may love it. Some people may hate it. You have to make them love you, regardless of the choreography or the costume or the music. Get it? All right. So yesterday, I got a phone call. We had a general meeting with MSA. It was pretty cool. Like they really liked Mackenzie. CHRISTI: Melissa hates to be one upped. As soon as Kelly said she was doing anything for her kids, Melissa's like, "Oh, I already did something for mine." I took them to an agent. Why didn't you tell us you were going somewhere? Because I just wanted to go. Because you like to do stuff without telling us. Yeah, why was it such a big secret? They called me yesterday and asked if they could see me. But you still could have told us. Like that's what we get mad about, Melissa. I just think that these kinds of things are the things that make Maddie feel bad. Maddie wants to be part of our group. MELISSA: I know she does. But you and Abby don't let her. JILL: Are you going to tell Abby? Is this something that is her business or-- I'm just curious. Yesterday, Melissa left the rehearsal early with both of her kids. I don't know where she went, but I'm gonna get to the bottom of it. So tell me where you went. We went to MSA. -ABBY: To a guy? -A girl. MACKENZIE: We went to a girl named Jen. Okay, I know Jen. I know who Jen is. Does anybody know? I think my mom told everyone you were fine with it. Maddie, you can't worry if they're not fine with it. I've been trying to tell your mother, who cares? You're gonna graduate from high school and never see these people again. Do you get it? These vultures? That's not the way they run, they don't really care. They don't care. I care. All right? Okay? So, get back in line, and do not discuss MSA. Do you understand? Yes? All right, go ahead, get back in there. MACKENZIE: Thank you. I know Melissa wants what's best for Maddie and Mackenzie, but it's not about signing them with an agent. It's about concentrating on their dancing, their education, and their training. All right, Brooke, you have two more days to perfect this routine. Your jumps need to be higher than they ever were. Your tumbling skills... need to be lofty. Let's do it. My solo this week is called "Fly," and it's an acrobatic routine. And I'm really excited. I think it's going to do well. SINGER: ♪ I've been waiting so long ♪ ♪ Been so patient for you to bloom ♪ Smile. Lock that left feet. SINGER: ♪ I know we can fly ♪ All right, a lot of it's wonderful. Take the music. Listen to it. Find the story in it. And tell everybody. Do something with this. I think her performance of the choreography is outstanding, except the face. Is she going to go out on stage and be poetic and impress the judges? I don't know. All right. -KELLY: Hi. How are you? -BROOKE: Hi. -This is Brooke. -Hey Brooke. How are you doing? I am so excited to give all the girls an opportunity to go to a real recording studio. I don't think that the girls have a lot of opportunities in Pittsburgh, but I think that now that we're in LA, that we need to take advantage of this. ♪ Oh, yeah ♪ ♪ Friday night ♪ ♪ It feels so right ♪ ♪ Cool breeze in the August sky ♪ We're recording "Summer Love Song" in Seven Studio, and it's with my best friend. It's awesome. ♪ Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on ♪ ♪ Come on ♪ ♪ And play that racket till the sun goes down ♪ ♪ From the beach to the party to the underground ♪ ♪ Let me keep on cruising ♪ ♪ Put your hands in the air ♪ ♪ Keep grooving ♪ KELLY: I don't know what is going to come out of recording this song. I just hope that at the end of the day, everybody had a good time doing this and it was a positive thing for them. -SEVEN: You did a great job. -GIRLS: Woo! All right, Kendall, the routine is "Kiss Kiss." It's not very deep, but you have to go out there and entertain the audience. Kendall may be back on the team, but she's got a long way to go to climb up that pyramid. Her solo this week better not disappoint me. Let's do it. It's really important that I try my hardest this week because I really want a solo at nationals. Watch your elbows. Don't break your elbows there. Energy. Shoulders up. There's some lyrics in there that you're not hearing about the tears. I don't see that. Go. Just wait. Let's see how long it takes Kendall to buzz right by people to the top of that pyramid. So what's up with you? I really want a solo this week. I feel like every time I do a solo, I feel more happier. And you threw that all away. I wanted you to do a solo to freak out Justice, and I think you should have done it for me. You know what? I feel like I'm giving you an opportunity and you're crapping all over me. You need to tell me why you shouldn't do a solo. I'm the only one that doesn't have a solo this week, so. That's not a reason. It has to come from here, Maddie. You have to want it. I don't want to see Maddie upset, but I have to teach Maddie a lesson. It shouldn't come so easy. You have to want it like everybody else. You have to work on it like everybody else. And you have to go out there and prove yourself, just like everybody else. I want you to want it. Megaphone, where is it? Being the manager that I am, I see a golden opportunity. Let's take this little CD that Brooke's made. Let's take the music and let's do a video. Let's go. I have a vision for this video. I see the girls up on top of one of those sightseeing buses that tour all over the Los Angeles area. They're going to be up there dancing in their seats, swinging their arms around. Fun, fun, fun. That's what I want to see. And action. ♪ Oh, yeah ♪ Brooke, you're not playing to the camera. All I'm getting is the side of your hair and your face like this. I'm really excited I'm shooting my own music video, but Abby's sucking all the fun out of it. She keeps yelling at us. ABBY: That's all I see. Turn your head and look in the camera. Quit putting your arms up in front of someone else's face. You know, I'm glad that Abby wants to be a part of it, but why does she have to take charge? Run up. Run down. You're just having fun. Like da, da, da. You don't even know there's a camera on you. Up, up, up, and down, down, down. And back up in the middle. Oh, there's some guy taking my picture. Yes? And then turn up. High arms, big butt. Look, and then take that camera with you. Got it? All right, ready? A lot of the ideas that Abby has for the video I think are cute. Action, Mackenzie. Go. MACKENZIE: One, two, three. Action. ABBY: Good girl. Nice. Did you get that, Nia? -Yes. -Are you sure? -I'm positive. -ABBY: Okay. Shooting a music video in LA? I mean, come on. That's a dream job. Run, Maddie, run. We all got a special part in the music video. ABBY: Run. Dance. Go, go, go. MADDIE: Miss Abby's having me dance out in the street. I think this is one of the best days ever. KELLY: Good job, guys. ABBY: Yeah. We're done. All right, ladies. I only have the studio for 45 more minutes, because we did a video today. This week is very important. I'm making my decision on who gets to dance at nationals. So these girls need to bring everything they have and impress me with their solos. I really wanted to do a solo this week because of the competition and because we're in LA, and I just love doing solos. All right. Well, if you love doing solos, then whenever you're offered one, you should jump at the opportunity, because it's not going to always come by. I can tell Maddie really wants a solo, and I think she's learned her lesson, so it's time to put this kid back in the game. Maddie, you haven't had a solo in weeks, so this is your big chance to show me that you still have the ambition. I'm so glad Miss Abby gave me a solo, because I think that I really deserved it, and I don't want to let her down. ABBY: Turn your knees out when you land that chaine. You're not stepping on a turned out foot. Lean your back foot in the attitude. You are rusty, kid. I always expected that Maddie would have a solo going into nationals. I knew she was going to have a solo, whether she took off two weeks, five weeks. I don't want that kid to go to nationals. I think the most telling thing in there, when she was yelling at Maddie that she was rusty after three weeks. Hello? None of the other kids ever dance. It proved our point. You only get better by having more practice on stage. SINGER: ♪ And I just threw it away ♪ I think I'm ready to pull off a solo, but I need to show Miss Abby that I did deserve it. ABBY: Okay, stand up. You wanted this solo, you got it. The kids are working their butts off to impress me. If these girls wanna dance at nationals, they're gonna have to prove it to me at In10sity Dance Competition. All right. We're all good for today. ABBY: This is it. We arrive at the competition. It's a professional working theater here in Los Angeles. Woo. Nice space. This competition is very important for my girls. Not only do they have to win, but they have to impress me. I'm making my decision for nationals. These solos today need to be top notch. Today is not the day for mistakes. Girls, you have to understand. Not only is just today a big day because of the other dance studios that are here, but this is the end of the road. Maybe the end of the line for some of you. People always say I put pressure on my girls. I think that's a bunch of bunk. This is your last opportunity to impress me before nationals. I need to pick who's going, and it's not going to be everybody. I want a great performance. Are you ready? -Yes. -Kendall... this is your first solo back on the team as an official member, so you need to impress me, kiddo. All right. Let's do it. Game faces. The only thing I care about in the world right now is my solo. ANNOUNCER: And next to the In10sity stage is act number 20. This is "It's a Perfect Day for Fun." SINGER: ♪It's a perfect day to run and play ♪ ♪It's a perfect day for fun ♪ ♪The sky is blue and all I gotta do ♪ ♪Is hitch a ride with the sun ♪ ♪I'm going to head out west ♪ ♪ And do my best to smile and laugh a ton ♪ Mackenzie steps on stage and goes blank. Please. Keep going. Keep going. SINGER: ♪It's a perfect day to laugh and play ♪ ♪It's a perfect day for fun ♪ ♪It's a perfect day to run and day ♪ ♪It's a perfect day for fun ♪ ♪The sky is blue and all I got to do ♪ ♪Is hitch a ride with the sun ♪ ANNOUNCER: That was act number 20, It's a Perfect Day for Fun. ABBY: Mackenzie did a routine. Could it have been better? Yes, absolutely. Did you forget it? Just one part of it and I kept going. In my solo, I forgot a split second and then I kept going on. But I'm worried that Abby's going to be really mad at me. ANNOUNCER: And next to the In10sity stage is act number 31. Please welcome Kiss Kiss. I have to admit, I'm very nervous watching this solo. I hate to put this much pressure on my child, but she has to win because I really want her there at nationals competing against these kids. SINGER: ♪I've had enough ♪ ♪I tell myself, come on, get up ♪ ♪Kiss, kiss, baby ♪ ♪Going to miss this, baby ♪ ♪ I'll see ya ♪ ♪Now I'm moving on ♪ ♪Kiss, kiss, baby ♪ ♪Going to miss this, baby ♪ ♪Oh ♪ ♪Kiss this ♪ ANNOUNCER: That was Kiss Kiss, number 31. KENDALL: When I came off stage after my solo, I thought I did great. And I just wanted to show Abby what I could do because I really want a solo at nationals. Mackenzie, you looked fabulous. You did great, honey. I'm so proud. Look, you did great. Listen, your turns, your legs. Well, we're off to a good start, would you say? Yes. ABBY: I'm outside that door and I'm hearing the word perfect, perfect. You know that was not perfect, right? You went out there and did down, straddle jump, down, stood up, and everybody in that whole place knew you forgot what to do. I knew, you know you forgot what to do, and so did every judge and everybody in the whole building. Come on, Mackenzie, you had that in the bag. Kendall, I thought you did a nice job. I ask you to use your face. I wanted to see it change and see you look at the judges. You did just that. Could things have been better? Yeah, they can always be better. You guys need to come off that stage knowing it's the best you've ever danced. You don't fly 3,000 miles to do it 80% or 90%. Are these girls really trying to impress me? This is the best they can muster? If you're trying to impress me for nationals, it's not happening. ABBY: Maddie, you and Nia are up next. You haven't done a solo in what, three weeks now? Are you going to get out there and choke? Are you going to be average? Or are you going to be exceptional? Exceptional. Let's hope. All I've said to the girls this week is, "Hey, this is your last opportunity to impress me before nationals." ANNOUNCER: Please welcome, "I Like the '60s." ♪ Woo! Come on, girls! ♪ ♪We got a bunch of kids the coolest ones around ♪ ♪Then shake it, shake it, baby make the world go round ♪ ♪Just keep yourself dancing keep it nice and loud ♪ ♪We're going to get the party going Pump that crowd ♪ ♪Shake it ♪ ♪Come on, shake it ♪ ♪Because music makes you lose it when it's in your soul ♪ ♪Just jump up and ground it baby, rock and roll ♪ ♪'Cause when you're cool like us ♪ ♪ Your feet keep moving around and around and around ♪ ♪And shake it ♪ ♪Yeah, shake it ♪ ♪Come on, shake it ♪ ♪Shake it ♪ Throughout the routine, Nia's face was off the charts. She was great. I need to show Abby that she made the right choice to give me the solo. ANNOUNCER: And next to the In10sity stage is act number 52. Put your hands together for Maddie performing Piece in My Heart. ♪I wonder if you ever thought of me ♪ ♪ And how I'm doing ♪ ♪And I wonder if you ever said ♪ ♪ Gosh, I miss her ♪ ♪And why didn't I fight? ♪ ♪And I let you go ♪ ♪ But you will always ♪ ♪ Have a little piece ♪ ♪ In my heart ♪ Beautiful. I think this is Maddie's best routine she's ever done. I mean ever. Thank you for making her the way you do. I love you. You know that? ABBY: Maddie's routine was close to perfection. She went out there and she entertained the audience. Listen to the music, so that was really good. There's one thing, it was towards the beginning. Chloe and Paige are up next for their solos. I am really concerned about Paige. Chloe and Paige, we have like 10 more minutes. Let's get it focused here, okay? She did not get a lot of practice time because she keeps complaining that her foot hurts. This is it. It's unfortunate that you're still injured, but you know what? You've got to go out there, and for 2 minutes and 30 seconds, you got to forget about the pain and you have to do what you know how to do. I mean, for this kid just to be coming off of a broken foot, I'm going to be glad to see her on stage doing this routine. Eyes up. You're spotting the floor, that's why you're falling over. Stomach. Stomach. Face. It's gorgeous, except you went like-- elongate your arm. Good. Chloe's feeling pretty good about the solo. I think that she knows if she goes out there and nails it, that she really has a good chance of doing a solo at nationals. ABBY: All right, girls, we need to go. CHLOE: I've rehearsed "Ghost" a lot, and I've gone over what my facial expression should be, so I'm feeling pretty confident. ANNOUNCER: Put your hands together for act number 59 performing "Ghost." SINGER: ♪If you're scared don't be scared when I'm gone ♪ ♪Don't be afraid to turn off the lights ♪ ♪ When you leave me ♪ ♪If you're scared then I'm always around ♪ ♪As your angel ♪ ♪ I'll say your prayer when you need me ♪ It is so frustrating to me as a mom that Abby is putting so much pressure on these girls and say, "All of my decisions for nationals are based on this one performance. What about the other 673,000 weeks that they've danced? Doesn't that have any weight for you, Abby? CHLOE: I'm proud for what I did, but I could have done better. So whatever happens happens. PAIGE: I'm really worried about my solo because my foot hurts really bad. But I don't want to mess up because Abby will be really mad at me. ANNOUNCER: All right, Los Angeles, please welcome Paige performing City of Angels. Yay! ("City of Angels" by Fiona Kerhaghan playing) ♪See the yoga bunnies in their SUVs ♪ ♪They got their custom coffee and their inner peace ♪ ♪See the homeless dude sleeping in a box ♪ ♪ Just a feet away but it never stops ♪ ♪City of Angels ♪ ♪ But nobody wants to use their wings ♪ ♪One day I'll fly away ♪ ♪Till then I'll blend in ♪ ♪La-la land ♪ ANNOUNCER: Act number 64, City of Angels. ABBY: I'm really proud of Paige for going out there and dancing. Even though her doctor's cleared her, she's not 100% yet. It's going to take a lot of time for Paige to get back where she was, even if that means no dancing at nationals. Don't cry. Oh, Paige, it's fine. You are fine. Don't cry. I think that it's unfair of Abby to make this one week... you know, your option if you're dancing at nationals or not. I'm not going to get to do anything at nationals. KELLY: It's okay. It's all right. Brooke, come on. Stretch out. Since nationals is next week, I'm treating these solo performances as if it were an audition. Last one to go is Brooke. The pressure is on. You ready? You need to run it over again? Brooke, you can get out there and you can be gorgeous and everybody's going to leave here talking about the acrobat and how great she was. Or you're going to go out and crash and burn. It's up to you, kid. I'm about to go onstage for Fly, and I'm pretty confident, but I'm just kind of scared I'm going to forget it, like Mackenzie. ANNOUNCER: Moving on to number 100, this is a teen solo. Give it up for Fly. ♪Look at me across the room ♪ ♪ I have been waiting so long ♪ ♪Been so patient for you to bloom ♪ ♪Though, it's not just the things that you say ♪ ♪Somehow you surround me with all that I've wished for ♪ ♪And I'm swept away ♪ ♪I'm hoping one day ♪ ♪ You might give it a try ♪ ♪Then we can fly ♪ Fly went really good. I hit all my tricks and I didn't forget my dance. What did you like better, Brooke, recording your own song, doing a music video, or dancing? Music video and singing. Ladies and gentlemen, we are ready to begin with our divisional overall. Well, we are going to start off in the elite mini solo division of the competition. Your highest scoring elite mini soloist is Miss Mackenzie, act number 20, It's a Perfect Day for Fun. Congratulations to all of our elite mini soloists. I got first place, and I'm really excited. We are now going to be acknowledging our top 10 highest scoring elite junior soloists. Sixth place is Miss Chloe with act number 59, "Ghost." CHLOE: My solo "Ghost" placed sixth. And there were a lot of good girls here, but I could have done better, so I'm just going to try harder next time. Fifth place, with a score of 270.5 points, is Miss Kendall with act number 31, Kiss Kiss. JILL: Kendall has just beat Chloe. My little girl just beat one of Abby's "bit time" students. This is good. Finally, ladies and gentlemen, your highest scoring elite junior soloist with a score of 273.7 points is... Miss Maddie with act number 52, "Piece of My Heart." MELISSA: So Maddie placed first. I was so proud of her. And, you know, she learned her dance in one day, and she worked her butt off so she can win. Congratulations to our elite junior soloists. NIA: I'm very disappointed because I knew I could always do better, and next time I'll make sure that I do better. CHRISTI: Maddie beat Chloe. So did Kendall. And I have known Abby long enough to know that she may hold sixth place against Chloe and not give her a solo for nationals. Ladies and gentlemen, we are going to start with our elite team of the solo division of the competition. Fourth place with a score of 271.2 points, Miss Brooke with act number 301. BROOKE: I placed fourth for Fly, but I think Abby will still be proud of me because she saw how amazing the dancers were. So I think she'll be happy with fourth. KELLY: I'm really concerned about nationals because, you know, Paige went on stage and she didn't place and Brooke got fourth. So my kids really don't have a good chance of performing at nationals. ABBY: I think, all things considered, I'm glad that we were in the top five, and I always am. I just want that clean sweep. I want to walk into a competition and walk out winning everything. Melissa, I guess it was your lucky day. Both of your kids were the overall highest winners. You're doing something right. Girls, this was a test for nationals. And I said, it doesn't matter really what the judges think. It's what I think. Who grew? Who learned? This competition, ladies, was to see what we're going to do at nationals. I don't know what's going to happen next week for nationals. I might use the whole group. I might not. I have to worry about what's best for the Abby Lee Dance Company, and if that means some people not dancing, that's what it means.
