ABBY: Previously on Dance Moms...
Every single one of you are going to be auditioning for Drop Dead Diva.
Now take it from the top.
I--I'm done.
JILL: Our time at the Candy Apples may be drawing to a close.
ABBY: Melissa, I'm taking her over to the other competition and she's going to do "Cry.
KELLY: It's blatantly obvious that she brought a costume for Maddie, and didn't bring one for Chloe or Nia or Paige.
This is the that happens.
We're bitter about the way the deck is constantly stacked.
ABBY: Coming up on Dance Moms...
We are doing the routine about a vampire.
ABBY: Bite her!
Hello?
CAROL : Hi.
My name is Carol, and I'm the casting director for Drop Dead Diva.
Fix this hair because it's horrible.
-Horrible.
-Why don't you fix your hair and fix your face and your body and everything else?
CHRISTI: She makes sure that Maddie has the best choreography.
You know it's true.
HOLLY: Your kid is uncomfortable.
CHRISTI: Are you going to tattle on us?
MELISSA: Yeah.
I'm going to go tattle on you.
ABBY: Can you curl your toes?
SINGER: ♪Get up♪ ♪Get on the floor♪ ♪My world is with my girls♪ ♪Living on the dance floor♪ ABBY: Girls!
Come on!
Let's go!
Let's go, ladies!
Holly is busy?
She'll be here.
Well, we went to Starbound.
We proved that you are National Champions, once again.
ANNOUNCER: Your top Overall Junior Group, "All Kids Go," Abby Lee Dance Company!
It's much, much, much more fun to win, ladies.
All right, now let's talk about this week.
We are headed...
Hi, everyone.
Abby, can I talk to you?
-ABBY: Jill-- -Yeah, we had some differences.
You know what?
I'm right in the middle of...
-I know.
-...the pyramid.
You know how this works.
I do know how it works.
I made a mistake going to Candy Apples.
You guys know that.
KELLY: Are you practicing your death drop?
JILL: It was a mistake.
And I would really like for you to find a spot for Kendall on this team, like you did once before.
I know-- ABBY: Jill, I don't have time for this today.
-I understand that.
-I have solo's, I have a group.
We have a competition this weekend.
I want to be there with you.
I--I think that Kendall can fit right in this group.
-ABBY: Kendall-- -JILL: She did it once before.
She can do it, again.
CHRISTI: I guess Candy Apples just didn't give Jill what she wanted, you know, a starring role in every number, a featured spot, a special part.
So here she is, hop, hop, hop, hopping right back to the Abby Lee Dance Company.
You are off your rocker.
JILL: All I want is what's best for Kendall.
Hey, I wanted what was best for Kendall, and you didn't give me time to do that.
-I know I made a mistake.
-ABBY: You should be-- -I'll pack my bags...
-ABBY: The reason I did this-- ...and go home right now.
Is that--would that make you guys all really happy?
No.
That will not make me happy.
Because that's what I'm doing!
-ABBY: And you know who's going to lose?
-I'm sick of this !
Are you going to turn my child away knowing she's got talent and she belongs in this group?
I'm in the middle of a rehearsal!
Right.
You know what?
Rehearse.
I cannot believe this.
I am literally speechless.
Jill came in with a hot new hairdo and a whole new wardrobe, but it's still the same old Jill.
You know what, Abby?
Here.
You hold your picture.
She deserves to be on that pyramid.
KELLY: Who walks into pyramid, right in the middle, and just shoves their kid in there?
I think it's totally desperate.
-ABBY: Girls!
-JILL: You go on.
ABBY: Girls, this is not about friends.
Do you want to see Kendall?
Invite her to your house.
This is my business.
Can you find it in your heart to allow Kendall...
-Jill.
-JILL: ...to be a part of this team?
Jill, I will be glad to talk to you at a later date.
Okay.
ABBY: I am furious with Jill.
How she thinks she's going to walk back in here and get this kid back on the team, it's not this girl's fault.
She's a great dancer.
Let her rehearse.
Stick her on the end.
It's not a big deal.
Now, we're going to Starpower in Lancaster.
Not very far, but a big competition.
Lots of people from New Jersey and the New York area will be in attendance.
It's a really big deal.
They enter 50, 60 numbers.
We're going with one group.
Moving on to the pyramid-- on the bottom of the pyramid, Mackenzie.
When things are done in "The Contagion" and you do it first and then Paige and then Nia, when you do it so fast, you make Paige and Nia look like they're off, like they're the ones that are wrong.
Next, Nia.
The area walkover got you into trouble.
Don't let it happen again.
You need to slow down.
Paige, you really didn't do anything wrong but you're part of the trio, so you have to take responsibility for it.
Chloe.
Chloe, it was good but you get into those categories with 11 and 12-year-olds, and you never get up there where I think you belong.
Next, I have Brooke.
Brooke, you did a great job.
Your technique was clean.
From where I was sitting, I thought your facial expressions were wonderful.
I thought you were outstanding.
And on top of the pyramid, Maddie.
You went out there in "9:00 to 12:00" and you won at nine years old.
CHRISTI: Maddie wins all the time, and it's not that we're jealous of Maddie's victories.
I would never rub Chloe's victories in anyone else's faces.
If anything, I try to downplay any kind of success Chloe has because you don't want to create any kind of animosity and tension between these girls.
Maddie, you will be doing a solo this week entitled "I Can't Find the Words.
Paige, you also have a solo this weekend.
Your music is entitled "Creme de la Creme.
KELLY: Paige is getting a solo this week and I'm very excited.
Because I thought after I changed her last solo, that it would be a while before Paige got another one.
Nia, you have a solo this weekend.
The music is entitled "Workin' Girl" by Laquifa.
SINGER: ♪Laquifa,what?♪ ♪Laquifa, what?♪ ABBY: I would like to see Nia move back up the pyramid.
And this Laquifa number has Nia written all over it.
Ladies, we will be performing a group routine about a vampire.
So I will be bringing a boy.
MACKENZIE: I think boys are icky.
Icky, icky, icky, icky, icky!
ABBY: So, moms, you are dismissed.
We have a lot of work to do.
Hey, Nick, come on in.
MADDIE: Nick!
When do you do partner work, it's very important that you're comfortable with your partner, that you trust.
That makes Nick's job a whole lot easier.
These girls trust him.
Nick, you know why you're here?
-Huh?
To lift!
All right.
Five, six--run, Maddie.
You're going this way.
MADDIE: I'm so excited that Nick's in our group dance and he's playing the vampire.
And we're in a trance.
And everybody's telling us he's bad, don't like him, but we can't help it.
Quit laughing at my hair.
-I love your hair.
-I actually think that...
It's cute.
...think you think that you look really...
-I think it looks cute.
-...young.
When you first walked in the door I'm like, oh, my God.
-Is that Cathy?
-KELLY: Ew!
CHRISTI: And I'm sorry.
I might not know if she's going to-- You have guts, girlfriend.
JILL: I know.
But she wouldn't let me put her picture on the pyramid.
I--as she should.
I'm just saying, I thought she'd be like, -yeah, put her at the bottom.
-Really?
Did you seriously think that walking in the door and saying to Abby, put her in the group, would work out in your favor?
Because that's unexpected, to me.
JILL: She wouldn't talk to me.
I said, we--can we--can we talk?
KELLY: What's there to talk about?
She's dancing.
Jill keep saying that she wants Kendall to have an opportunity.
Kendall did have an opportunity.
She auditioned for our company, she made it, and Jill blew her top and left.
Top, ball change, glissade, Russian.
I need time to think about this.
Jill took Kendall to another studio, my arch rival in Ohio.
Big mistake.
Now she thinks, I'm just going to show up, she's going to put us back on the team.
Wrong.
I'm hoping that you can understand...
CHRISTI: I do you understand because I see-- ...why I left.
I couldn't tolerate no-- But I have to tell you, when I saw your daughter do her solo a couple weeks ago, I was so disappointed -in the choreography.
-I know.
CHRISTI: Jill is back for five minutes, and already Melissa is best friends with her, again.
I don't think there's anything honest about Jill.
Now she even lies about her hair color, not that I ever would.
You know what, Kendall?
Time has come.
You're finished for the night.
I have a lot of thinking to do.
Understood?
Oh, no.
Well, she's not crying.
ABBY: I don't have time to deal with Jill.
I have to worry about this group number.
It's an amazing number.
I intend to win at Starpower.
One, two-- give me a little, like, a half a head roll, like, a-- "Creme de la Creme" is real dancing.
There's no cutesy stuff.
It is full-on difficult.
I don't want any other mommy-ography in my numbers.
Paige needs to learn to do what she was given.
Tilt.
Pitch.
SINGER: ♪And the more that you do♪ ♪The better it gets♪ ♪Make them stop♪ ♪Make them stare♪ ♪No one else...♪ Abby, can we talk now?
I know-- Well, I'm right in the middle of Paige's private.
-I know how busy you are.
-ABBY: Wait.
Wait, wait, wait.
Jill, stand right over there.
I'm going to let her do it again and I will just dismiss her, and I could talk to you.
Come on, Paige.
KELLY: Paige finally got a solo and a proper rehearsal, and Jill comes busting in the room during her private.
It's ridiculous.
I don't know how Cathy does it, but we keep working, working, working, working.
And that's what I want for my kid.
And I need to know, Abby, are you going to let Kendall come back in this group.
Well, you didn't sign anything.
You didn't tell anybody you were here.
I think coming into the room was really inappropriate.
I--I didn't have any choice, and I thought you would understand that.
I don't want to invest my energy into your kid to have it walk out the door in six months because Mommy's not happy.
Jill has a whole lot of groveling to do and a whole lot of paperwork to sign before this kid is back on any team at the Abby Lee Dance Company.
Hey, let's go, Paige.
Walk, walk, walk, woo-woo!
Walk, walk, walk, woo-hoo!
Smaller steps.
Wah!
One, two, three, woo-hoo!
Ready?
The "Workin' Girl" number for Nia is kind of about her mother, Dr.
Holly.
We all know that she is the original working girl.
You know, no one ever had a job and raised any kids before her.
You're making the walk--no.
Nia!
I keep talking about stepping out on that stage, doing the walk, and its that entrance.
Right, left, right ball change.
Hello!
-Holly...
-What's been going on?
CHRISTI: ...you are never going to believe who came into pyramid today.
I'll give you three guesses.
- -Jill?
-Yes!
-What's she doing in pyramid?
And she had her 900 voice on.
That what I said.
But wait.
-No, even better...
-HOLLY: Oh.
...she got Kelly's haircut and it's blonde.
- -MELISSA: My color.
Oh, my God.
Truth be told, I didn't like last year's Laquifa dance.
It was not a signature dance that I was really proud of Nia performing, and Nia didn't do well with it last year.
And you're stepping and finishing the turn, and you're really running in and finishing the turn.
Yeah?
Hello?
CAROL : Hi.
My name is Carol, and I'm the casting director for Drop Dead Diva.
The girl's audition for a role on Drop Dead Diva.
I've been anxiously awaiting this call.
Hi, how are you?
CAROL : I just wanted to let you know that after watching all of the auditions, we have decided that we are going to go with...
ABBY: Hello?
CAROL : Hi.
My name is Carol, and I'm the casting director for Drop Dead Diva.
ABBY: Hi.
How are you?
CAROL : I just wanted to let you know that after watching all of the auditions for the role of Young Deb, we have decided that we are going to go with Maddie.
She did a great, great reading.
Her--her dance was beautiful and we thought that she was great.
And we decided to go with her.
-HOLLY: Something's going on.
-CHRISTI: No.
They just said Maddie got Drop Dead Diva.
-HOLLY: How do you know?
-Because the kids just told me.
-Oh.
-ABBY: All right.
Super.
Thank you so much.
And isn't it funny how they wanted a blonde and she's the only one that auditioned that wasn't a blonde?
CHRISTI: And isn't it funny that I'm pretty sure that Maddie had that part before she even auditioned for it.
CAROL : Thank you.
Have a good day.
-I'll talk to you later.
-Okay.
-CAROL : Bye-bye.
-Bye-bye.
Are you excited?
CHRISTI: I think all the other girls know that it's not a level playing field.
So it's no big surprise when Maddie gets chosen for parts.
I think the girls are used to it, but they shouldn't have to be.
HOLLY: I know how things like this work.
And it's political and they already have the ones they wanted.
KELLY: I don't even know why they have our kids audition for things.
CHRISTI: Because it's real.
-It's a real part, so-- -HOLLY: Well, I wouldn't-- We just auditioned for the show because Maddie was slated for that part before she ever opened her mouth.
I always said that that role had someone's name on it.
And in my mind, that child was Maddie.
ABBY: Go tell your mom you got the job.
Woo-hoo!
The part goes to Maddie.
Is Maddie the best?
Who knows.
It's not about being the best, it's about being right for the part.
Good job, honey!
-I'm so proud of you.
-MADDIE: Thank you.
-Congratulations.
-I'm so excited.
Excited?
It's not fair to Maddie.
When she gets a job I want her to be excited.
If any of the other girls got it, all the moms would be jumping and screaming and hipping and hollering.
But when it's my daughter they get jealous.
Honey, I'm excited for you.
Thanks.
HOLLY: I'm sure all of your team members are excited, too, for you.
MADDIE: When Miss Abby announced that I got the part, I was just smiling and I tried to stay as humble as I could.
Because I didn't want to have my other friends feel bad.
I'm proud of you, honey.
Go back into class.
Good job.
-Thank you.
-CHRISTI: Congratulations.
I just wish that things were fair and even.
Abby absolutely 100% made sure that Maddie was going to get that role, come hell or high water.
ABBY: Whoa!
I see some bad feet sitting right there.
Stop with the hair.
It keeps on falling out.
Why?
Because you have too much hair!
Posture.
Go.
SINGER: ♪ ...you've lost your faith♪ ♪There's nothing more...♪ I need to put my best foot forward at Starpower.
I'm going to pull out a winning number.
It's about a vampire and little girls that are dreaming Mr.
Right.
The number is really cool.
Let him bite you.
It's okay if you're late.
Boom!
He's really holding onto that arm.
Girls, just make sure you're over there.
Abby, I'm going to send her in rehearsal.
I wasn't sure what time it was, so she's here.
Go ahead, baby.
Oh, she's shoving her in, again.
-Yup.
-Look at her.
HOLLY: Oh, there's Jill!
She looks like a different person.
She's in the Witness Protection Program.
She's trying to escape Cathy.
I think I like it the other color better.
Jill, when I left here last night I had two more meetings.
You're the one who said this is where she belongs.
ABBY: Okay.
You know what?
You--you're interrupting rehearsal.
I told you last night it's inappropriate.
I don't do it to you.
I want you out the door.
Go.
It's ridiculous.
You need some control over your mother.
Yes?
I am much more concerned with the choreography in this routine than I am with Jill and Kendall.
I need to get back into rehearsal and make sure that this routine is ready to go to Starpower.
-MELISSA: Why is she screaming at you?
-CHRISTI: What happened?
I didn't know what time rehearsal was and-- MELISSA: What did she say?
-She said, get out of here.
-To you?
Mm-hmm.
ABBY: She is the one that made you quit to begin with.
Your mother's actions, throwing a shoe in Texas, is why she pulled you out of this studio.
JILL: Despite Abby's behavior, I still want Kendall on this team.
I want her to have these opportunities and to dance every week at these competitions.
ABBY: You didn't want to leave.
Now you just want to waltz right back in?
Kendall, it doesn't work like that.
KELLY: Abby has made it very clear that she likes Kendall, yet she doesn't like Jill.
I'm thinking maybe Abby will let Kendall back on the team just to piss Cathy off, just because she hates Candy Apple so much.
ABBY: Try to pick it up.
Get in line.
This is ridiculous.
SINGER: ♪You cry, and I want to save you tonight♪ ABBY: Get out of the way, Kendall!
We're still rehearsing the routine with Nick and six girls.
MacKenzie was not appropriate for this, certainly, so I let her go.
Take your belly out of here.
Go to tap.
But I have Kendall, who I'm trying to ignore but I can't ignore.
And then I also have Paige and Nia who are a beat behind, especially Nia.
I'm going to cut some people.
What do you think, Gianna?
I think I would do it smaller.
ABBY: Smaller?
I just feel like Nick's part is getting lost because there's so much chaos going on.
I need to cut this routine down to three girls and a boy.
I'm going to watch each girl in rehearsal and then make my final decision at the competition.
Okay, Nia, I'm really on the border with you.
I want you to concentrate on your solo.
Yes?
And you have to do something with that hair.
It's not appropriate.
Every time I look at you it's, like, fun.
HOLLY: It's routine that they don't get picked necessarily for a trio or a duet.
But now there's a possibility that they will not be picked for group numbers?
You got to be kidding me.
ABBY: Paige, I know you're a really nice little girl.
You're teaching Kendall the number.
What happens if I put her in instead of you?
Are you going to feel bad?
What if she ends up doing it better than you?
Just saying.
I'm just saying.
ABBY: Five, six, seven, eight, and one, two-- oh, lock that back of that knee.
We finished?
We're good?
You think that's it?
Okay.
I've called everybody together to discuss the Drop Dead Diva part.
These mothers go on and on about role models.
Well, I'll tell you what.
Not being happy for someone else's success-- that's the worst role model you could be.
I wanted to talk a little bit about yesterday, the role for Drop Dead Diva.
I don't know if everybody was truly happy that Maddie got the role.
It could have been any one of the kids that auditioned for it.
-We all congratulated Maddie.
-HOLLY: I think that The girls all congratulated Maddie.
I don't know what else you want us to do.
CHRISTI: Irony of ironies, Abby wants to reprimand all of us for not being happy enough for Maddie getting the role on Drop Dead Diva.
I wanted to look at her and say, really, Ab?
Because you didn't seem very happy when Chloe got, I don't know, the music video, the Joffrey audition or first place when, you know, you ran out of the room crying because you were mortified.
ABBY: Well, Melissa told me that you said it was rigged.
-HOLLY: I'm entitled to my opinion...
-Exactly.
...because I'm 42 years old and I'm a free American citizen.
So I get to say whatever I want and believe whatever I want.
I stand on my credentials and my knowledge.
ABBY: That's fine.
Something you can never take away.
Then fix this hair because it's horrible.
-Horrible.
-And why don't you fix your hair and fix your face and your body and everything else?
That's fine.
When I join your dance company, I'll do it.
HOLLY: If we start critiquing people, let's start with you.
Look in the mirror.
Holly had to go after me, you know, go for the jugular.
Look in the mirror.
Fix your own body.
Fix your own hair.
Holly, let's start.
Get a padded bra.
Don't wear dresses.
What else do you want me to tell you.
Huh?
And, you know what?
I got approval for those braids when I got them put in.
Not in--from my dance company, you didn't.
-HOLLY: Yes, I did.
-It says right in it...
-HOLLY: Yes, I did.
-...do not change your hair color.
HOLLY: And, you know what?
I did get approval for it.
And this is part of her ethnicity.
Well, it's weighing her down.
It's weighing her down.
HOLLY: There are four other people here without a bun.
When she--when you made the bun the last three weeks, Holly, it's like a log coming out of the side of her head.
And on all this, Nia-- the lunge, the arch, all of that stuff is late and sloppy.
Your mother thinks you're early.
You're not.
HOLLY: Enough is enough.
If you want to fix someone up, and you you're such, like, a miss fix it, fix yourself.
Look at the mirror.
Start with the woman in the mirror and leave my kid alone.
ABBY: Ankle, flat back, side, and up, and then reverse it.
Just four, five, six, seven, eight...
We're two days away from the competition, and I've got my hands full.
I have the solo rehearsals, and I still haven't decided who is going to be in the group number and who isn't.
Contestant number blank, entered in the title division.
MADDIE: This week I have a lyrical solo called "I Can't Find the Words.
And they're excited for it because I have to write and love note.
But I know over here there's some slamming, angry, boom, look back, da, da, da, da, da.
That should be angry and mad and frustrated.
MELISSA: It's basically just saying that she loves someone but she doesn't know how to find the words to write it down.
So it's a really beautiful number.
ABBY: I need to see that big, beaming smile, the same big smile I need to see if you win.
Beaming, happy!
I don't want Maddie to be affected by all this Drop Dead Diva drama.
Get you to make this bigger.
The truth is...
Yes, thank you.
...jealousy and success go hand in hand.
Maddie needs to get used to it because she's going to be successful.
I need the girls to come in.
I need everybody to come in.
But I need you to get your crowns and get them on that table.
I even had her bring her crowns in.
Because I want her to realize that this is something to be proud of.
it's a huge accomplishment.
And Starpower is proud of her.
She is a little star right now.
She's the winner.
Own it.
Be proud.
Rub it in their faces if you have to.
This is a piece of metal and two combs and some rhinestones.
This does not make you a winner.
CHRISTI: What, was she saying how many crowns have you won?
Oh.
Right.
This is the best-- Let me bring these and rub them in your face.
Exactly.
ABBY: These are recent.
This is Petite Miss Dance?
That was a toughie.
KELLY: But, once again, you can't win a crown if you're never sent to go.
Starbound.
Ooh, that's pretty.
Energy.
CHRISTI: And Maddie still wins, just because she has better choreography.
And Abby makes sure of that every week.
She makes sure that Maddie has the best choreography out of this group.
And you can sit here and get mad at me, but you know it's true.
HOLLY: There's no question.
ABBY: DEA.
Oh, running out of room.
MADDIE: I didn't wanted to show all the crowns to the girls, but I followed the rules and I did it.
But then the moms kind of got mad, and I didn't like that at all.
But, Melissa, why would you bring them?
MELISSA: She told me to.
And they called me this morning-- KELLY: But when she tells you to bring them, say no, my daughter's uncomfortable...
-MELISSA: She is uncomfortable.
-...doing this in front of her friends.
HOLLY: Your kid is uncomfortable.
KELLY: But you're getting them out now, Melissa.
They already did it.
I'm not getting them out.
CHRISTI: Are you going to tattle on us?
MELISSA: Yeah.
I'm going to go tattle on you.
HOLLY: I wouldn't be surprised.
ABBY: You need to get these set up so that you put a sticker on the back of these.
Girls, I just want to tell you, I don't want you to think that Maddie's doing this to make you feel bad.
Maddie was instructed to do this.
And I see your faces, and I feel really bad.
ABBY: I'm sick of hearing it.
And you are taking her successes and you're squashing them down.
She has a right to jump up and scream and yell and be excited.
It's ridiculous.
If you want a crown, work for it.
HOLLY: What happened, Melissa?
What did she say to you?
We--she never gets excited.
I'm--you know, we squash every victory because, you know, we don't want people to hate her and this-- people to hate me.
I would tell Abby, kiss my ass.
I'm not bringing them in.
It's rude.
We deal with it every week.
We realize that.
-It is.
-Our kids aren't stupid.
They realize it.
ABBY: All right.
Are we ready?
We're going to run it with everybody together.
ABBY: We arrived at Starpower in Lancaster.
The competition is huge-- tons of numbers, tons of studios, tons of talent.
I think I've made my decision about the group dance casting, but I'm going to keep that my own little secret.
What's wrong?
ABBY: Why are you always crying?
If your stomach hurts, let's get you some medicine.
Don't cry about it.
CHRISTI: Jill is just desperate.
You know, I don't get the whole, I made a mistake, I want to come back thing.
No, Jill.
Kendall's not on the team.
ABBY: Jill, what is wrong with her?
JILL: I'm sorry.
I really don't know.
Maybe she's like, why am I here if I'm not in the dance?
Well, maybe.
We don't know if some of the real team members are even in the dance at this point.
-ABBY: That's true.
-Why would Kendall be in it?
Why wouldn't they all be in it?
ABBY: Because it's my routine and I happen to like it a certain way, and that's it.
You can't respect that, that she wants to be here -and she wants to dance.
-Oh, no.
I do--I do respect that.
Well, then, let her dance, Abby.
Abby wants to teach Kendall and I a lesson, that we have to earn our spot back.
Kendall still has all that fire in her belly and all that potential.
And I need Abby to see that again.
ABBY: You're here as a guest, so I don't need some whining, crying kid.
Yes?
Man up.
Can you work on some of this with the case in your hand?
I'm a little worried about the case.
CHRISTI: That case looks good, Holly.
Nia, I mean.
You did it.
ABBY: Uh-uh.
Uh-uh.
I just corrected that.
-KELLY: Aw, Nia.
-HOLLY: Stop.
Stop.
Nia is practicing her solo, and all of a sudden, I see out of the corner of my eye and she just stops and she freezes.
And I'm like, oh, no.
What--what's wrong?
I forgot my number.
I'm like, no.
KELLY: Maybe because the music's not on.
-HOLLY: No.
-CHRISTI: You want the music, honey?
That is not true.
Get that out of your head.
You know the dance.
You did the dance several times.
Suck it up.
Get your game face on.
You know the dance.
ABBY: Good mom.
Don't coddle.
Take a deep breath.
Take your breath.
NIA: When Miss Abby is rehearsing my solo in the dressing room I got freaked out because I almost forgot a part.
I really want to be in the group dance.
But if I mess up my solo, I'm not going to be in the group dance.
ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen, how about a nice Lancaster welcome for "Workin' Girl," Nia.
HOLLY: Sitting in the audience, I know Nia just forgot the dance and I'm a basket case.
SINGER: ♪Move over, amateurs♪ ♪Taking mine, taking yours♪ ♪Uh, somebody better hold my purse♪ ♪ Mm-hmm ♪ ♪ Figure it out like Nancy Drew ♪ ♪Catch up quick like Halleloo♪ ♪I'm a pro♪ ♪I am a professional pro♪ ♪I'm at work♪ ♪I came to work♪ ♪I told y'all I was a professional pro♪ ♪Pro♪ ♪I'm a pro♪ ♪I am a professional pro♪ ♪What?
I'm a pro♪ ♪What?
I came to work♪ ♪Didn't you see my badge?♪ ♪I am a professional♪ MACKENZIE: If I did the death drop, I would be really scared.
ABBY: She came out with a bang.
And she never let up until the death drop.
HOLLY: My child got a standing ovation.
That never happens at a dance competition.
I am a proud mama.
ANNOUNCER: Judges, your next act's going to be entry number 138.
Please help me welcome to the Starpower stage, Maddie, performing "I Can't Find the Words.
SINGER: ♪I want you here♪ ♪I wish you'd stay♪ ♪If I could speak♪ ♪That's what I'd say♪ SINGER: ♪All the letters and spaces♪ ♪Are wrong here, wrong here, wrong here♪ MELISSA: Over all, I think Maddie did a beautiful job on her solo.
I just wish it was a little longer.
- - ANNOUNCER: Please help me welcome to the Starpower stage, Paige, performing "Creme de la Creme".
SINGER: ♪Oh, yeah♪ ♪Oh, yeah♪ SINGER: ♪You got the know how and you know how to deliver♪ ♪Yeah♪ SINGER: ♪You're the best that's ever been♪ ♪The creme de la creme♪ ♪You're the best of the best♪ ♪You're the creme de la creme♪ ♪And the more that you do, the better it gets♪ ♪Make them stop♪ ♪Make them stare♪ ♪No one else can compare♪ ♪You're the best that's ever been ♪ ♪ The creme de la creme♪ ABBY: Paige applied every single correction I made in her private lesson.
She remembered her number, it was good.
She hit everything.
If she wants a private from now on, I'm going to give them to her.
PAIGE: Nia, Maddie and I are all competing against each other.
And I wish we weren't because we're all good friends.
ANNOUNCER: And now, ladies and gentlemen, in one of our toughest nine to 11 categories we've seen in a long time, here's our top 10 Power Division.
HOLLY: The last time Nia did Laquifa, the judges didn't care for it so much.
But she's maturing, and that bundle of energy was there.
ANNOUNCER: Ninth place regional champion, and the fiercest attitude special award goes to...
Nia, number 109.
HOLLY: Although this a spot of anxiety and turmoil with the group dance, the solo performance for Nia was a high point of my Abby Lee Dance experience.
I'm so proud of my little girl.
Sixth place regional champion...
Paige, number 139A.
KELLY: This competition was very difficult.
Even to place in the top 10 was an accomplishment.
This is amazing.
Only 3/10 of a point separated first from second.
MADDIE: I'm really happy with my solo performance.
But the competition's really hard, and I hope it was good enough.
And now, ladies and gentlemen, by only 3/10 of a point, your highest scoring nine to 11 soloist here in Lancaster, Pennsylvania will be...
...Maddie, 138A.
ABBY: Maddie won the high score top 10.
She was it.
She won it again.
Way to go.
Congratulations.
Name of your studio?
Abby Lee Dance Company.
ABBY: I wanted every single one of my solo entries to place in the top 10, and they did.
Hey!
-That's my girl!
-Congratulations!
Woo-hoo!
Congratulations.
Top 10, good job.
Can I have a bow or, no, we're not doing that, yet?
No, no, no, no.
In fact, Kendall, who gave you the bow in your hair?
The girls are going to be wearing white bows in their hair for this group routine.
But I haven't told anybody who's in the group routine, yet.
So why on earth does Kendall have a white bow in her hair and nobody else does?
Jill, who gave you that bow?
ANNOUNCER: A Junior Miss Starpower contestant 114 will be next, judges, number 114.
Kendall, who gave you the bow in your hair?
Kids should not go and take things that don't belong to them.
She didn't take it.
Melissa said, here are bows for everybody.
I picked one up and I put it in her hair.
ABBY: Okay.
Well, newsflash, Melissa doesn't own the studio.
You actually accused me of stealing a $2 bow?
Are you kidding me?
ABBY: She just grabbed it and stuck it on her kid's head thinking, my kid's going to get a bow because of my kid's doing this group dance.
You talk about manners with the kids all the time.
-Wait a minute.
-JILL: That is rude...
-Wait a minute!
-...of you to say in front of my child that I would steal a bow!
ABBY: Every single one of these kids has their hair done and nobody has a bow on their head.
JILL: I don't steal from anybody.
And not one of those moms stands up for me, again.
ABBY: You wasted a whole lot of my time.
I don't have time for it.
I've had enough of Jill's nonsense, distracting me from my real focus.
This routine is important to me because I want to win at Starpower.
Let's see Paige, Brooke and Nick.
Let's go.
I want to see your standing back tuck.
Oh, easy.
- -PAIGE: Ooh, I'll do mine, too.
-Ready?
-MELISSA: No.
Do not do your standing back tuck.
PAIGE: Can I try it, Miss Abby?
I want to eat my lunch.
You better do it.
KELLY: Paige hurts her foot.
I just can't win.
ABBY: Can you curl your toes?
Did you come down on it this way or digging it?
-ABBY: Digging it.
KELLY: Paige is really upset about her foot.
I'm surprised she's not crying.
Okay.
Well, don't tape her.
You're not in the dance.
You got to get the foot checked.
Paige could have been in that group.
But, you know what?
I can't risk her injuring herself any further.
All right.
We have Paige out by default with an injury.
JILL: It's my hope that if Paige can't dance with these kids, Abby's going to need Kendall.
ABBY: Nia, you are not in the number today.
Don't make a big deal out of it.
You did a great job in your solo.
I couldn't be prouder.
Kendall, you are not in the dance.
Abby, I'm just curious.
Do you--do you enjoy watching this, right here?
Does that make you happy?
CHRISTI: Jill, if anybody should dance, it should be Nia.
This is between us.
ABBY: We have had a wonderful day.
JILL: I hope you're really happy, Abby.
ABBY: I think Jill is from the me, myself and I generation.
She is only concerned with herself.
All right.
Let me see Brooke, Chloe, Maddie and Nick.
ABBY: Frantic!
Frantic!
I have a boy and three girls.
I got my routine.
You need to look comfortable with him.
Some of it still looks awkward.
ANNOUNCER: We're going to go back to entry number 241 Power Division Contemporary, age nine to 11.
Please help me welcome to the Starpower stage, number 241.
SINGER: ♪You say you've lost your faith♪ ♪There's nothing more to live for♪ ♪I reach out to touch your face♪ CHRISTI: I think Nick is the pinnacle of this dance.
I think he adds so much dimension and character because each one he partnered, he showcased them.
And that's what a good partner does.
It showcases the girl.
SINGER: ♪You cry, and I want to save you tonight♪ ♪Your dark eyes flash with despair♪ ♪You won't be saved by my kiss♪ ♪I just met you ♪ ♪ And I can't let you--you cry♪ ♪And I want to save you tonight♪ MELISSA: It was great.
I really think they have an amazing chance of winning.
ABBY: It was a great performance.
I made the right decision with one boy and three girls.
ANNOUNCER: Nine to 11 Small Group-- third place, "Hey You," Studio Blue, 251.
Second place, "Prayer of the Children," 263 from Studio Blue.
And now, in our nine to 11 small group, your top score, the champion today will be...
"Twilight!
ANNOUNCER: Who gets the money?
All right.
Thank you.
Congratulations girls and guy.
ABBY: Our group dance, once again, number one.
What's the name of your studio, guy?
Abby Lee Dance Company.
- -ANNOUNCER: Top 10, take a bow!
Let's hear it for the top 10!
We did it.
I couldn't be more grateful.
Here they go!
Congratulations!
I think all of our victories were really earned and very well-deserved.
Congratulations!
MELISSA: Isn't it awesome?
Once again, I think I proved I was right.
Jill, nothing to say?
No last remarks?
Not really.
Bottom line, Abby's dancers won.
And that is exactly why I need my daughter to be at Abby Lee Miller's dance company.
ABBY: You stick a bow in your kid's hair and think they're going to go on stage and be in a competition number?
JILL: That's not why I put the bow in her hair, Abby.
It's just not that easy.
I know what I'm doing.
When the time is right-- Well, how about then you let me know?
I won't be back until you let me know when the time is right.
I told you before that I would think about it.
Sh, sh.
Did you shush me?
Yes, I did.
When the time is right for you, if we're still available, you contact me and you say, okay, I would like for Kendall...
No.
I don't call students.
-JILL: ...to be a student.
-I don't solicit students.
Okay.
Then I don't-- then what do you want?
Abby knew all along that she was not going to allow Kendall to dance in that group number.
I realize that Abby is a punisher and she punished Kendall and I.
What you say goes.
You don't care about the kids.
You don't care about anybody but yourself.
-That's terrible.
-Why would I be in this business if I didn't care about their futures?
JILL: Well, then why don't you care about this one's?
You're the one that screwed her up!
If you think that I own a dance studio-- JILL: You know what?
I really want you to be quiet.
-I don't care what you think.
-You know what?
Who do you think you are?
JILL: Who do you think you are, hurting a little child?
You people all suck, every one of you.
You're being insane!
I'm insane?
Melissa is the only one who ever comes to her aid.
What is wrong with you people?
They have learned from Abby, the biggest bully in the block.
And now they're bullying, too.
This is going cost me a lot of money in therapy.
ABBY: Stop.
Stop.
-This is not worth it.
-Because she's embarrassed!
-She's mortified of your behavior!
-JILL: She's humiliated!
I think Jill is having a mid-life crisis.
Kendall should come to class.
-JILL: She did.
-ABBY: It starts in class, Jill.
JILL: Abby's acting like a total immature baby, and I'm not going to let this happen again to my child and I.
She's just sick.
I can't believe I'm sitting here and that woman walked out, again.
