ABBY: Previously on Dance Moms... This is the 2012 Abby Lee Dance Company concert. You're getting thrown to the wolves, woman. They're gonna chew you up and spit you out. Just be prepared. -You left. -So we left. That's right. You always have excuses why your kids get what they get. Maddie, I asked to do a solo. You said no. I'm giving this part to Chloe. You need AA meeting. Now you need to go and see a therapist. You're a liar. ABBY: Our junior winner is Miss Maddie Ziegler. ABBY: Coming up on Dance Moms... -She's allowed to dance. -Yay! But she's not allowed to do tricks. Okay. Just when I thought it couldn't get any crazier... We're here to see Abby. ...it got crazier. -You're Kaya. -I'm Kaya. This is Nicaya. What are all the girls looking at? CHRISTI: You don't just get to walk in and be on a competition team. So far, I have just walked in. KELLY: Abby, just tell us what you're doing. Is Paige dancing in the dance or not? ABBY: If she's injured, she shouldn't be on stage. KELLY: I'm done! KELLY: my kid! SINGER: ♪ Get up ♪ ♪ Get on the floor ♪ ♪ My world is with my girls ♪ ♪ Livin' on the dance floor ♪ Come on, girls! Let's go! Come on. Congratulations on a successful dance concert. ABBY: All of your performances were amazing. You showed the entire city of Pittsburgh why we are ranked nationally in the country as one of the top dance studios. The dance concert was a smashing success. I thought the kids were outstanding from beginning to end. But keep in mind, this is the road to nationals. This is where it gets tough, because we will be traveling to California to go to the iHollywood competition. ABBY: This competition is a big deal. And that's why it's important on our road to nationals. I want to put my little kids from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, up against the big guns and see what happens. At the bottom of the pyramid, I have Paige. You couldn't do too much with the boot. I understand that. I want it to heal. You were supposed to see a doctor at four weeks. She's going this week. So let's hope, Paige, that you're going to be dancing again. Next, Brooke. Brooke, the hip hop dance really wasn't your thing. Next... Mackenzie. Kenzie, you went out there and you looked just like the big girls. However, I thought the hip hop choreography was a bit over your head. Moving up the pyramid, I have Nia. You received the award for the most improved student, and that is something to be very proud of. However, like I've said before, do not rest on your laurels. Next, Chloe... Chloe, "Trapped," you did a great job in the role. And at the top of the pyramid is Maddie. Maddie, you're on top of the pyramid because you won the scholarship in your age division. Kendall, you can see you're not on the pyramid yet. Keep working, keep trying, and you might get on this team. I think Abby's just playing games with me. She is torturing me and she's torturing Kendall. Mackenzie, you have a solo. You better do the whole number. Nia, you also have a solo. Now, I have one more solo to give out. Who wants it? Who thinks they could do it? It's going to Chloe. I picked Chloe to do the solo this week because I still can't forget about Maddie and Melissa turning down a solo. Just remember, I can give the solo, and I can taketh away. Everybody is in the group routine. Kendall, I am inviting you to travel to California with us to participate in the group number. You are dismissed. Spread apart. We have lots of work to do. One, two... You know, Abby put Paige in this group dance. I hope her foot gets cleared. -When's your appointment? -My appointment's tomorrow. ABBY: The group routine that we're doing is entitled, "I Can See the Kite Flying." Now, this piece is very important to the Abby Lee Dance Company. It's by the same author that wrote "Where Have All the Children Gone." And people recognize that all over the place. They ask me all the time about the number. So this has the same dark undertones. And the kids are actually in an insane asylum. And you see them rocking and fidgeting throughout the piece. I'm excited about it. I love it. I think this could be another big winner. This is quick, and quick, and step, together. You're rushing that. BROOKE: "I See the Kite Flying" is a really creepy number. We're all, like, mental patients. We see a kite, but we don't know if we actually see it. It's like in our head, or-- I'm so confused. I don't know. I always told you, Abby does weird well. -So the weirder the better. -Yeah, it'll be spectacular. No one in LA will be doing anything like this. -I don't think so either. -No. ABBY: Hey. There's no getting out of this group, so learn it. GIANNA: Two, three, four, five. Seven. Hi, can I help you guys? This is Nicaya. We're here to see Abby. -Oh, yeah. -She's expecting us. -This is Nicaya. -Hi, nice to meet you, sweetie. We're looking for a new studio to compete. -ABBY: Hi. -Hi. -Hello. -ABBY: Hi, how you doing? I was approached by Kaya and her daughter Nicaya after our dance concert. I had no idea who the woman was. But it turns out she's from St. Louis from a very reputable teacher, a colleague of mine. So I'm going to check the kid out. That's the least I could do. -You're Kaya. -I'm Kaya. This is Nicaya. Nicaya, hi. What are all the girls looking at? There's someone here? She's inviting someone in. Do you want to get your shoes and your street clothes off? And I'm going to check her out a little bit. If you want to go up and sit with the moms, you're more than welcome to. All right. ABBY: I'm always looking to make my competition team stronger. Maybe this kid Nicaya and her mom are just what my team needs before nationals. There's certainly nothing like a surprise or two to wake everybody up. -Hi. -KAYA: Hello. -Hi, how are you? -I'm fine. -HOLLY: Good. -I'm Melissa. -What's your name? -I'm Kaya. -Kaya, pretty name. Melissa. -Hi, I'm Holly. Nice to meet you. -Hi, Holly. -I'm Kelly. -Kelly. -Christi. I'm Jill. -So where are you from? -I'm from St. Louis. Oh, okay. You moved here? -Yeah. -MOMS: Oh, okay. KELLY: I don't know why Abby constantly insists on bringing new people in. It's bad enough when she brings people in from the studio that we know and have danced with. Now she's bringing a stranger in. I just think it's crazy. MELISSA: So what did you think of our dance concert? I mean, they're really, really talented, I mean, as far as technique goes. But as far as entertaining, I don't think it was really entertaining. -It didn't have a lot of personal-- -Really? The whole show? CHLOE: So the new mom comes upstairs, and she sits herself down, and she seems a little opinionated, to say the least. MELISSA: I think our kids are fabulous on stage. -I mean, I have to-- -KAYA: I think they are too. I wouldn't have brought her here if I didn't think you had fabulous dancers. I just think that they could use a little more personality, a little more diva-tude, and she has that. Diva-tude is just when you're born with it, when you just know you have it. No amount of technique or any type of training gives you that. I didn't think any of Abby's dancers had that. -Diva-tude? -KAYA: Yeah, that's what I call it. MELISSA: What does your jacket say? Black Patsy. I love that name. It's really pretty. ABBY: You guys keep working. Get that down pat. Come on over here to the bar. Let me see fifth position, tendu. And let me see a ronde de jambe. I asked Nicaya to execute a few ballet steps. I want to see if she has a foundation, if she knows her terminology. And can you spell ronde de jambe? You have to know the names of everything. We're really into terminology here. MADDIE: It's good that girls want to tryout for our team. But I don't really want any a new member right now because I'm perfectly fine with all my friends. Do you do any acrobatics or gymnastics? -NICAYA: No. -ABBY: None? None. Now I'm beginning to wonder about this girl. Is she for real? Is she an advanced student or is she just a recreation student that goes once a week whose mother's trying to get her onto a competition team? Second, second. She's gonna audition or... KAYA: I think she should just choreographing a routine and just put her in it. Because her testing to see how flexible she is, is not really... There's a lot of other kids who want to dance on this team, so I don't know why she would just get to walk in and be on it, when there's other kids who have had -to go through auditions. -Other kids don't have a resume like hers. So I'm gonna call your mom down, okie doke? Oh, Abby wants me to come down. -KELLY: Ha. Good luck! -CHRISTI: Good luck. I ain't scared of her. JILL: God, she's a loose can-- you never know what's coming -out of her mouth... -CHLOE: That's true. -JILL: ...no matter how nice, how mean. -Are you serious? Your recital was boring and all these kids need help to perform. You're not gonna work on this team, girlfriend. She knows zero terminology. My kids are the whole package, not just little bits and pieces. When my kids leave here, they have a career, a livelihood, forever. KAYA: I don't think that these spelling tests and all this other stupid dance terminology is relevant. What I personally want Abby to do is stick my daughter's damn dance CD in there and watch her dance. You're the professional. You've been doing this all this time. You create stars, so why would I question what you're saying? Yay! Hallelujah! -We have a winner. Yay! -Don't just disguise her all the way. ABBY: Can you come back tomorrow? -NICAYA: Yes. -ABBY: So come back, bring her in tomorrow. I'll have more time. JILL: I just heard her say. CHRISTI: I heard her say come back tomorrow. But why? You don't get to just come and be on the team. Our girls are two weeks from nationals. Why Abby would ever consider adding a new girl to the team right now is beyond me. That does not make any kind of sense whatsoever. Just when I thought it couldn't get any crazier, it got crazier. So she wanted to know if you could spell ronde de jambe, if you could spell dance terminology. What the hell does that have to do with dancing? She goes, do ronde de jambe. Now, can you spell ronde de jambe? I go, no. That is , and she knows that. She doesn't want to give you a chance because I meant what I said. Her dancers have no personality. What do you have on now? A title jacket--so what difference does it make? We're gonna play her game. We're gonna go home tonight, we're gonna learn this terminology. She's gonna learn how to spell all these stupid ass dance terms, and we're gonna come back tomorrow and play the game Abby wants to play. ♪ If you take my hand ♪ ♪ You're all I'll ever need ♪ ♪ We can dance out in the sand ♪ ♪ Watch a sunset by the sea ♪ "Summer Love Song" is about the summer and parties and just being out of school. And I wrote it because I love all those things. So I'm going to put a recording of me singing on the internet and see how many, like, hits and views it gets. ♪ Spin that record round and round ♪ ♪ Because I can't get enough of that summer sound ♪ PAIGE: I'm gonna be Brooke's backup singer. ♪ Turn the bass way up and boom it, yeah ♪ Look, you already got a hit... Oh, my God. ...in, like, the two seconds you just posted it. Yeah. Hi, Nia. Hi. -How you doing? -Hello. -Hi, girls. -GIRLS: Hello. PAIGE: Mom, wonder if that girl's coming today. JILL: If I had to make a guess, I'd say, uh-huh. I can't believe she had that on her shirt. -It said Black Patsy. -It said Black Patsy, AKA-- I'm White Christie. KELLY: You're Black Holly. HOLLY: Can you imagine? Like, what is she talking about? -I'm like, Patsy. -CHRISTI: Black Patsy. GIRLS: Hi. HOLLY: Hi. How are you? -JILL: Come in. -KELLY: Hi. KAYA: Excuse me. KELLY: Mm-hmm. HOLLY: When Kaya arrives, there's a tension that's evident from the moment she steps foot into the room. What do you want the girls to call you? My nickname is Nini. JILL: Oh, they call you Nini? -KAYA: Mm-hmm. -MADDIE: I'll call you Laquifa now. GIRLS: ♪ Laquifa, ooh ♪ HOLLY: We don't know Kaya, and we're trying to figure out who Kaya is. Come on, girls. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Five, six, seven, go. Five, six, seven, eight. God, I hope Paige gets cleared today. Because I think it's going to take her a week or so to get used to just walking on her foot. I think Paige is nervous. I think she's afraid that the doctor's gonna tell her, you know, we need to wait another two weeks just to be sure. Go, two, three, four, drop. So where are you going for nationals? -We don't know. -Well, she hasn't told us. How do you have a life outside of dance if you have no idea what you're doing in four days? -This is our life. -We devote it to these kids. You devote your time here. This is your life. Do any of you work? -No. -I used to work. I owned a business. I had to sell it. -What do you have nannies at home? -CHRISTI: No. Just really good husbands who pick up-- -Exactly. -JILL: So you're a single mom? -JILL: Yes, I am. -With four kids? -Yep. -Wow. -It's a team effort. -Yeah, well, our relationship ended -because of dance. -Oh, really? Lovely. Your husband didn't support dance? I didn't have a husband. I had a wife. Hmm. It's like you could hear a pin drop in the room, like they had never, ever heard of anybody being a lesbian before. So what would you like us to call you? CHRISTI: Because we've been calling you Patsy. -KAYA: Really? -Yes. Well, you call yourself Patsy. -The Black Pasty. -CHRISTI: I know. -We were calling you Black Patsy. -I want to know what that means. -You know who Patsy Ramsey is? -Yeah. -KAYA: The crazy stage mom. -KELLY: That's you. KAYA: All dance moms have an inner Patsy. KELLY: Are you really proud of that, that that's your nickname. Because like, I certainly wouldn't want to be compared to Patsy Ramsey. ABBY: Five, six, seven, eight, one. -KELLY: Abby? -ABBY: Yes. Excuse me. Can I get Paige? It's time for her doctor's appointment. Go ahead, go. Good luck. See ya. SINGER: ♪ It was gonna be... ♪ ABBY: Stretch your feet. Feet. Sloppy feet. The arms in second. Chloe's solo, it's called "Glitz and glamour." I needed something to represent new Hollywood, the piercings, the tattoos, somebody that would stab your eyeballs out and step right over you to get ahead. That's Chloe. This is the road to nationals. We're going to iHollywood. All those kids on the West Coast are gonna be there. You have the target on your back. I don't want to hear your feet hit the ground. Play. What did the doctor said? KELLY: She got cleared. She's allowed to dance. Yay! But she's not allowed to do tricks for two more weeks. Okay. KELLY: He said to do a very limited, you know, not to overwork it. -Okay. -KELLY: So... ABBY: Paige can be in the number. But is she gonna be full out? I don't know. And I want to win. -Hi. -KAYA: Hello. ABBY: I want to get you to fill this paperwork out. -Okay. -Okay? So I was thinking, well, maybe she could jump in and take Paige's spot. But now Paige came back from the doctor today and said, hey, I'm allowed to dance. But she's already been there. She's learned all of the routine. I mean, you're taking a chance on Paige because she just got over an injury, so it's kind of iffy. No, I'm taking a chance on Paige because she's been here since she's three years of. KAYA: Paige has a boot on her foot. Even once the boot comes off her foot, she won't be able to dance up to par with the rest of the team because she's not really picking up the choreography. And Kaya already knows it. There's no reason that she shouldn't replace her just for this number. Give her a chance. Let her compete with you guys. Let her on the team. Usually, when you walk into the studio, you have to be here for a year before you even audition. But what would it take for me to show you how bad I want her on this team and how bad she wants to be on the team? If I don't put her in this number and she's just a swing, are you still gonna go? Yes, we will. ABBY: Kaya is standing right in front of me, telling me she'll do whatever it takes to get her daughter on this competition team. Well, hey, we're going to California. I might just invite the kid to go. All right, you better know it. You might get put on the spot. -Okay. -ABBY: All right, goodnight. -KAYA: Okay, thank you. -NICAYA: Thank you. CHRISTI: Patsy invites all the moms to lunch, because, well, she wants to get to know us better. And frankly, I'd like to get to know her better. You had a boyfriend and you moved out? -Oh, a girlfriend. -Yes. MELISSA: Oh. What made you go from a man to a woman? KAYA: I think my gaydar kind of picked up a little vibe off of Melissa. She was a little too friendly to me. Sorry, I'm just curious. Okay, so what do you guys think about me so far? KELLY: Well, with your AKA of being Black Patsy, like, you're crazy. -Why would that make me crazy? -KELLY: Crazy dance mom. All of you are crazy dance moms. I'm not that crazy. So since you're kind of in my position trying to get your child on the team, what does that take? Are you crazy? You think I'm gonna tell you how to get your daughter on the team when I can't even get my own daughter on the team? You just waltzed in and threw your kid in the room. And you don't just get to walk in and be on a competition team. MELISSA: You should see our contract. So far I have just walked in. CHRISTI: We have invested our time, our lives, our energy, and our efforts in this. It just is very unnerving that you think like, oh, my daughter's just as good. Are you coming to LA with us? I don't know if I'm going to LA or not. HOLLY: It's a bizarre situation. This is a bizarre lunch. We're not in a very good place. Who are you? All we know is that it says Black Patsy on a jacket and you're Nicaya's mom. KAYA: The moms can say whatever the hell they want to say about me. I'm not here for them. I'm here for my daughter. I don't have any feelings towards them. I don't give a damn what they feel about me. It's all about Nicaya. ABBY: Solos this week are vital. I want to see who is strong enough mentally and physically to win at nationals. Stomach, use your stomach. Up. That knee was so bent. Arabesque, straighten that knee, Nia. Come on. Nia's solo this week, it's a '20s scat, inspired by Josephine Baker. There's no vocals, so her timing must be impeccable. This is a big challenge for Nia. HOLLY: Josephine Baker could shake. She was like the Beyoncé of the time. Oh, my God, and Nia's the new Beyoncé upcoming. -HOLLY: Oh, yeah. -CHRISTI: That's Nia fierce. Left and around. CHRISTI: Oh, my eyes, my eyes! You know, there's something when you see Abby get up and gyrate. It's... It's not a pretty sight. First she wanted Holly to paddle her. -Now she's shaking it in our faces. -I know. SINGER: ♪ One more boring minute of my life ♪ ♪ It's like I'm stuck here in a maze now ♪ One and a two, three and a four, five and a six, seven, eight. Kenzie will be doing a solo this week. It's entitled "Hollywood." She really needs to stay on the music. That's what we're working on this week. You tell me what this dance is about. The Walk of Fame on... in Hollywood. ABBY: Yes, all right. I love my solo this week because my solo's called "Hollywood," and I love Hollywood. Spread apart. Let's go. This piece is very important to the Abby Lee Dance Company. I'm excited about it. I love it. I think this could be a winner. You move out of there for right now. All right, let's go. Get on the line. SINGER: ♪ My kite was as high ♪ ♪ As the rope would let it go ♪ ABBY: Nicaya's been there every minute. So I want to see what the group looks like. Nicaya, stand in Paige's spot. That's it. All right, let me see you out, you in. Go. KELLY: I'm watching rehearsal, and it's like Abby's playing game. Paige will do the dance one time, and then Nicaya does it the next time. Please tell me who is on the team here. That's her turning foot that's hurt. Oh. It's her left foot. Look, it doesn't point like the right foot. All right, you're both boring, boring, boring. PAIGE: My foot's really bothering me in rehearsal, so I just hope Miss Abby let's me take it easy. KELLY: Hey, peanut. How's your foot? HOLLY: Oh, I'm so sorry. -MELISSA: Is your foot okay? -What's the matter? It kinda hurts whenever I like, step on it and do the kick. You need to say, Miss Abby, it hurts when I step on it and fan kick. Can I just mark that until I'm on stage? She will say yes. This is your first day of not having a cast on your foot. Paige has waited for four weeks to get this boot off of her foot. And Abby keeps pulling her to put someone else in the dance. ABBY: All right, ladies, I want you all to know that Paige just came to me and said, can she mark the pancake because it hurts her supporting foot. I'm just letting Paige sit out during rehearsal because her foot still bothering her. I'm not replacing her. But if that foot still hurts come competition time, I will. The show must go on. And it's gonna happen, no matter who's out there dancing. If she's injured, she shouldn't be on stage. She should save it till she's ready. KELLY: One part of me wants to go down there and just knock somebody out. So I excused myself. I'm done! KELLY: my kid! ABBY: Once again, Kelly overreacts and throws a hissy fit. Well, you know what, Kelly? The reason I keep bringing new moms and new kids into the studio is because of behavior like yours. I'm sick of it. Kaya, if you weren't here and Nicaya wasn't here, this whole issue would not exist. CHRISTI: I think where it started... -Of course it does. -...was that Abby was choosing between Nicaya and Paige. Her mom was sitting there saying she don't think she's ready to go out there and dance yet. Paige is still hurt. She was cleared by the doctor. Are you a medical doctor? KAYA: What the hell is the problem if one more kid is added. You got the wrong mama this time 'cause I don't back down to nobody. -You don't scared me. -Well, maybe you found the wrong mama. I ain't found the wrong . None of--y'all don't move me. But the point is, is that Paige is either gonna dance or Nini's gonna dance. -She said she needed to rest it. -KAYA: Okay, I'm not gonna give y'all the-- if Abby says she's gonna do this number, we're gonna be in LA doing a number. And I don't have to answer to any of y'all. I don't care. ABBY: Kelly storming out of the studio and the moms upstairs screaming at each other, I decided something needed to be done. So I called them all downstairs to straighten this mess out. I'm sorry. I think it's ridiculous. JILL: No, I think it's ridiculous too. ABBY: I have a kid that I don't even know that's from another studio that moved here. I have a kid that's hurt. I'm liable ladies. This is a business. I want Nicaya to take out Brokeback Brooke and Peg Leg Paige just to shut Kelly up because she talks so much . I just want to prove to her that her daughters are not all that she thinks they are. She's upset because she said nobody's dancing, the routine looks stupid, and her daughter -is always in the back burner. -No. But I don't like them blaming and saying because Nicaya walked in-- Between Paige and a student that isn't even your student, -that's what her problem was. -She's not choosing anything. But it's up to Abby's discretion, not yours. All y'all are full of crap, so I don't care. JILL: I'm not doing this. You can have one another. -KAYA: 'Cause you're . -I'm not doing this. KAYA: You are. We don't know what's going on with the number. This is chaos. So considering the behavior of these mothers, you told me that you were ready to go to California, I think you should go. I am not making you a promise that your daughter is in this. So don't get there and start acting like that. All right. Take care. I asked Nicaya's mother to go to California with us. She's all excited. But if she opens her mouth again, look out. ABBY: We've just arrived at iHollywood, and I am so excited to be here. Coming from 3,000 miles across the country to compete against all these amazing studios in California is really an opportunity of a lifetime. So should I be doing her hair and makeup? Or no? Um... you know what? I have been so busy, I haven't even given it a second thought. Before I could even make a decision about Nicaya dancing in this group number, I need to speak with Kelly. She stormed out of the studio yesterday. I don't know what's going on with her. And I want to hear it from the horse's mouth. Tell me what really was going on yesterday. Paige is telling me that, my foot still hurts -and da-da-da, da-da-da. -Yeah. But I didn't come all the way to California to go out there and have her marking a number on stage. She's not gonna mark it on stage. That's why she want-- -She has to do it full out. -Yeah, that's why she wanted to mark it in practice, so it wasn't hurting on stage. ABBY: That I understand. I just don't understand what's going on. Why is there always these fireworks? I have no idea. I didn't have a firework yesterday. KAYA: That is a lie. That's a lie. You were upstairs crying and having a fit and cussing and going off. Because you kept saying, I don't want to go all the way to LA -and her not be in the number. -KELLY: Excuse me. Was I upstairs crying, cussing, doing anything yesterday? ABBY: I know something fishy is up with Kelly. I know that she left rehearsal because she was upset thinking that Nicaya was going to replace Paige. Take your new outsider and put her in and give her a chance. Don't give anybody on your team a chance. Chloe, we got to run this number and go. All of this is taking time away from your solo. All of this madness is going on in the dressing room, and I'm trying to block it out. Because frankly, at this point, I don't care. My focus really needs to be Chloe and her solo. ABBY: You're gonna go and you're gonna look down at the audience, and you're gonna look where the judges are sitting. You're gonna figure it out because trained you to do that. All right, It's your turn. You're up. Over here, let's run through it once. Let's talk about this. "'20s Scat" is really the most mature piece Nia has ever performed before. And I'm nervous. Can she pull it off? ABBY: Remember, this is the road to nationals. We are on our way. Let's go. CHLOE: I'm just a little bit nervous because the LA girls are really fierce here. But I won't let that stand in my way. ANNOUNCER: Please welcome to the iHollywood Dance stage, from Abby Lee Dance Company, this is this Chloe performing to "Glitz and glamour." ("Glitz and Glamour" by Alyson Greenfield playing) SINGER: ♪ All I need is friends ♪ ♪ But I don't really have them ♪ ♪ Okay, I mean, I really have them ♪ ♪ I just don't have them where I am ♪ ♪ It's because of my job ♪ ♪ I travel around a lot ♪ ♪ And I don't exactly... ♪ ABBY: The very first set of turns she bobbles. And then suddenly she nailed like five turns. By the end of this number, they're never gonna remember the beginning. SINGER: ♪ I got no, I ain't got no ♪ ♪ I ain't got no glitz and glamour ♪ ♪ I ain't got no ♪ ♪ I ain't got no glitz and glamour ♪ CHRISTI: I think that there were parts of Chloe's dance that were brilliant. And there were parts that need work. If she would have had another week, I think that dance would have been amazing. NIA: I'm very nervous about doing my solo. It's really difficult dancing to scatting because there's no beat. I hope I can pull it off. ANNOUNCER: Please welcome, from Abby Lee Dance Company, this is the Nia, performing to "'20s Scat." ABBY: Nia is right on the money. She's fabulous. It's simple. It's clean. She does everything she's supposed to do. And at the end, she makes it her own. HOLLY: Nia is a mini goddess on stage. She has the audience eating out of the palm of her hands. And I think Josephine Baker would have been very proud. KELLY: Good job. -Good job. It was great. -It was nice. Hey, hey, hey, good job. Good job. I loved it. Chloe, I think some things are really, really good. And I think some things were not so good. That's not the way to go to nationals. Mackenzie, are you ready? Cover that stage. Make sure you get out there far enough. All right, let's go, let's go, let's go. MACKENZIE: My solo is gonna go well, because my song's called "Hollywood" and we're in Hollywood. ANNOUNCER: Please welcome, from Abby Lee Dance Company, this is Mackenzie. And she'll be performing to "Hollywood." ("In Hollywood" by 21st Century Girl playing) SINGER: ♪ Spinning round in circles round in circles in my mind ♪ ♪ I just close my eyes and I can see that perfect sign ♪ ♪ Countdown to adventure, new direction ♪ ♪ Take me to my favorite place... ♪ MELISSA: So I'm watching Mackenzie do her solo. She comes out with so much energy, and I think she's doing great. SINGER: ♪ The sun shines hot ♪ ♪ And life's over the top in Hollywood ♪ ♪ In Hollywood, Hollywood ♪ ♪ Any time we want fun ♪ ♪ It's a town that's ready to play ♪ ♪ Oh, night or day ♪ Yay, Mackenzie! ABBY: She did a great job. Her legs were straight. Her feet were pointed. She remembered the choreography. What more can I ask for? Great job! ABBY: Nice job. Kenzie, you listened to your music. And every time you got a little bit ahead, you stopped and you slowed down. And the hand walks were good. Yeah. So you guys need to get the lipstick off, tone down the blush, and get your costumes on. Let's go. ABBY: Hey, guys, I need everybody dressed. I haven't even said who's in the dance and who isn't in the dance. I haven't even spaced everybody yet. KAYA: The only reason I think that Abby won't just replace Paige and put Nicaya in this number is because Abby's just scared that Nicaya's gonna go right in there and blow her dancers out of the water. She claims it takes years and years and years to get on the level with her elite dancers. Well, Nicaya got it in 24 hours. Have you asked her, like, recently what she's thinking? Ask her. Just say, I don't want my feelings to be hurt at the very last minute. If you don't think I should be in this number right now, then you can just tell me that. NICAYA: If I would have traveled all the way to LA and she didn't let me dance, that really would make me feel really sad. This has been an honor getting this far. But I want to really know if I'm going to be doing this routine or-- ABBY: I'm deciding right now. Right this second, I'm looking at it. Let's go. Our group number is coming up next. Who's gonna do it, Nicaya or Paige? I have yet to make the decision. So I'm gonna run the number one more time. Whoever is not keeping up is out. That's my final decision. I came here to win. Make the head move. KELLY: Here we are in the dressing room. Everybody is dressed and ready to go on stage and she's still playing mind games. Abby, just tell us what you're doing. Is Paige dancing in the dance or not? Because in five minutes they're gonna be on stage. And you have my daughter so confused, she doesn't know whether she's coming or going. ABBY: Wait, what is she doing with those pigeon-toed feet? I don't think you're there. They've done the number over and over in the dressing room, and nobody's impressing me very much. Do I take a chance on Paige, who is still recovering, or do I take a chance on the new girl, Nicaya, who's yet to prove herself? Who's going to dance in the group number? It's a tough choice. Make the head move. KELLY: If I traveled 3,000 miles with Paige and Abby doesn't let her dance, I am gonna flip. We're all doing the dance. Let's go. You didn't come 3,000 miles to sit on your butt. Everybody out there. Let's go. CHRISTI: If letting Nicaya be in the dance is what allowed Paige to be in the dance, then so be it, because she is a member of this team and deserved it. Listen to me. I am putting you in this dance because... ...you're telling me you're ready. Do not go out there and make a mistake. Understood? Yes. Yes? I'm really worried about Paige. Can you physically do it? I'm not so sure. I need to see it full out, Paige. When we walk out of here, game faces. Let's go. NICAYA: I'm really nervous to do the group dance. I really want to show Miss Abby that I deserve to be on this team. ANNOUNCER: Please welcome Abby Lee Dance Company, performing to "I See the Kite Flying." ABBY: The last time we did a haunting, controversial spoken word number was "Where Have All the Children Gone?" And it won hands down. That's what it needs to be again today. We're getting ready for nationals. It's overall first place or nothing. ("I See The Kite Flying" by Joseph Kerschbaum playing) The sky was so blue That it wasn't blue any longer. Every time that sky comes back into my mind, the colors shift. The blue gets bluer and the horizon widens. CHRISTI: When the words starts speaking for the group dance, because there is no music, the girls start crawling around on the floor and, like, punching themselves in the face. And I thought, well, okay, at least you're being the best that you can be. But my feet were hard on the ground. At that moment, color splashed into my black and white life. Standing, the wind in my face, I lost myself. And just for a minute, it only had to do with me. As my kite rose higher into that impossible blue, I thought about how we never flew kites together. ABBY: The group number went well. Paige and Nicaya both did an okay job. Who was better? I don't know. Neither one of them really pulled my eye. But today, that was a good thing. ANNOUNCER: We're gonna get started with our award ceremony. We have the top three Mini Oscar Solos. Starting in at third place, from Abby Lee Dance Company, act number 51, "Hollywood." MELISSA: Mackenzie came in third. I was actually surprised. But a little girl did lyrical. Typically, that does better than an acro dance. ANNOUNCER: Next up is your high-scoring Junior Tony Solo. We're gonna start in 10th place, from Abby Lee Dance Company, number 37, "'20s Scat." HOLLY: The idea of Nia placing in the top 10 with this number, she might as well have been doing Shakespeare on stage. That's the caliber of the maturity of this piece. Moving along to fifth place, in the genre of contemporary, from Abby Lee Dance Company, act number 22, "Glitz and glamour." ABBY: I'm disappointed, Nia 10th and Chloe fifth? They needed to be better. They needed to be stronger. 10th and 5th are not going to cut it at nationals. ANNOUNCER: Moving along to our top Junior Oscar Small Groups, in second place, this is in the genre of lyrical, act number 72, "Believe." And drumroll please for your top scoring Junior Oscar Small Group. Your first place winner is in the genre of contemporary. And from Abby Lee Dance Company, act number 70... - -ANNOUNCER: ..."I See the Kite Flying." ABBY: When it was all said and done, the group routine, and we all know the group comes first, was the overall high-scoring winners in the entire competition. The Abby Lee Dance Company is going to leave California victorious. ANNOUNCER: And who choreographed this routine? Miss Abby Lee. ANNOUNCER: Let's give it around of applause for our top 3 -Junior Oscar Small Groups. - - -Girls! -Congratulations. -High five. Congratulations for you. ABBY: Yay, congratulations, Chloe, for making the top five. Congratulations, Nia, for making the top 10. Thank you. Nicaya, you and your mom are being pretty quiet. You had a lot to say on the microphone. KAYA: What do you mean? ABBY: This goes to the rest of you. You're gonna let the new girl walk in and get the microphone and get to speak? Don't let the new kid come in and push you out of the way. You did the same thing with Paige today. You're threatening to replace her with somebody else. -Why y'all keep saying replace? -Why does she need to do that? We're not coming to replace nobody. -She just wants to be part of the team. -I'm not talking to you. Thank you. But when you refer to me or my child, -then it puts me in the conversation. -KELLY: I'm not talking to you. What did you say, Abby. I'm sorry. -Somebody is talking. -KAYA: Kaya was talking. I don't want to even use your name. That's why I keep saying her. I got a name I want to call you, too, not your own, but I'm trying to be respectful. You just jumped down on me like I'm trying to invade this team and do something. And it's no different from what all of you are doing. As a sister, I would think you would respect that, because there ain't a lot of chances for Black women out here nowadays. I would think that you would have my back. Do not--do not take my ethnicity and make me a poster child for whatever. I choose to speak when I, Holly Hatcher-Frazier, Dr. Holly to everyone in this room, has something to say. KAYA: I don't know how you work with these parents. You called every one of us liars, haters. Hater--yeah, you are some--you're some haters. -That's a name. -I call it like I see it. It's the truth, y'all. Or liars, you're liars, especially you. Oh, yeah, okay. KAYA: You are phony as hell. So are you. -I'm not--you know what? -KAYA: From what I see, -you're fake. -CHRISTI: I'm not phony at all. Who I am is exactly who I come across as. Yeah, a bitch, that's what you are. And I know you own it. You don't know a thing, bitch. I be that bitch. -I own it. -CHRISTI: Don't let the door hit your out then. You wanna watch your mouth because I ain't the rest of these dance mamas. I'm not a doctor like Holly do. I'm from the hood. Believe that. JILL: Abby, are you gonna let this happen? -I can't-- -KAYA: You're bitter! -I don't use foul language. -You're darn right we're bitter. KAYA: I don't know how you work with these parents.
