ABBY: Previously on Dance Moms...
I made a mistake going to Candy Apples, and I would really like for you to find a spot for Kendall.
CAROL : Hi.
My name is Carol, and I'm the casting director for Drop Dead Diva.
We have decided that we are going to go with Maddie.
KELLY: Let me bring these -and rub them in your face.
-Exactly.
Starbound--ooh, that's pretty.
I want to see your standing back tuck.
Oh, my God.
You're not in the dance.
ABBY: Coming up on Dance Moms...
-No.
-No need to get all belligerent and indignant.
I am because I think you know better.
No.
I think you look foolish.
MELISSA: Maddie has to fly out tomorrow to do Drop Dead Diva.
But I wish you were going to be here for rehearsal.
The group comes first.
If you are going to continue to stand like a three-year-old with that sway back, your back is going to hurt.
She can't do it.
Your daughter is a little sneak!
How dare you call my daughter a sneak?
SINGER: ♪Get up ♪ ♪Get on the floor♪ ♪My world is with my girls ♪ ♪Living on the dance floor♪ ABBY: Come on, girls!
Let's go!
Where are Paige and Kelly?
They're at the doctor's.
Today?
I think it's more serious than just a toe.
She said it's really swollen.
Oh, my goodness.
Paige isn't here.
She's not even here for the pyramid.
I don't know how badly the foot is injured.
PAIGE: Can I try it, Miss Abby?
ABBY: No.
This is cement.
-Just one time, come on.
-No.
-Well, then do it!
-NIA: You better do it.
I told her not to fool around.
Kids, do you understand that your body is your instrument, that you need to take care of it?
And I said, girls, don't fool around.
There's cement underneath this carpeting.
I remember vividly saying that.
CHRISTI: It was an accident.
Most people would just take it for what it is, an accident, and not blame someone.
But Abby is all about the blame.
Where's Jill?
ABBY: Jill is not an official member of this competition team.
She would like to think so.
But I may forgive people, but I don't forget.
So congratulations are in order.
We had an amazing trip to Lancaster.
I entered three solos in the competition and I had three girls in the top ten.
This week, we are going to...
-Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
-Yes!
ABBY: This week we're going to attend Starbound.
We're their national winners.
We're in their brochure.
We're on their magazine.
I mean, come on, ladies.
This is important.
Let's start with the pyramid.
On the bottom, we have Paige.
Paige had an outstanding performance.
She was sixth overall high score.
SINGER: ♪You've got to know how ♪ -♪And you know how to deliver, yeah♪ - ABBY: And then accidents happened.
She might be out a week or maybe she'll be able to dance today.
Moving on.
Mackenzie.
Mackenzie, if you're in a competition you're there to learn.
And next, I have Chloe.
Chloe, you did a great job.
You didn't have a solo or a duet, so it's a little difficult to judge.
But you did a great job in the group dance.
And next, Brooke.
Brooke, because of your maturity during rehearsal all week is why you're up there.
And second on the pyramid is Nia.
Nia, you went out there and you sold that number.
SINGER: ♪Work, work, work ♪ -♪I came to work♪ - And at the top of the pyramid...
is Maddie.
Maddie, you're there because you beat everybody else there.
You were the highest score the judges gave out.
SINGER: ♪If I could speak...♪ All right.
Now, we're all in the group dance except Mackenzie.
Mackenzie, you have a solo.
Maddie, you will also be doing a solo.
Brooke, you have a solo this week.
You will be doing The Diary of Anne Frank.
GIRL: Ooh.
BROOKE: I know who Anne Frank is, but I'm just not sure what her story has to do with dancing.
Chloe...
you have asked me for years about a duet with you and Paige.
This is the week.
Chloe and Paige have been begging Abby for years to do a duet.
I really hope that Paige's injury isn't serious.
Moms, I'm going to dismiss you.
Go ahead and go.
You guys get the ballet bar out.
We're going to start with the bar.
ABBY: 5, 6, 7, plié, and a 1 and 2-- I hope the Chloe's duet partner shows up soon.
Like, how long have we waited for the Chloe/Paige duet?
-How long?
-I know.
It's, like, years.
Nine years.
4, stretch your feet, 5...
This week, I want to do more ballet technique.
And hip, up.
In ballet, there's a right and wrong way.
And they're going to do it the right way.
SINGER: ♪ Alouette ♪ ♪ Alouette ♪ ABBY: The name of the group routine is Alouette.
It's high energy.
It's fun.
And they are going to excel for the ballet judge.
SINGER: ♪ Alouette, gentille alouette ♪ ABBY: Come on.
Oh, my God.
There's Kelly, and Paige is in a boot.
We just got back from the orthopedic doctor.
It's broken.
KELLY: Yup.
Four to six weeks, she can't dance.
No!
-Four to six weeks?
-KELLY: Yup.
PAIGE: Chloe's crying.
You know why Chloe's crying?
Because you got your duet this week.
Aw.
Chloe is going to be crushed.
Oh, Paige.
PAIGE: I'm really sad that I broke my foot.
But I'm even more sad that I'm not going to be able to do a duet with Chloe.
We've been waiting a long time to dance together, and now we have to wait even longer.
I don't want to fight with you, Kelly, but I think it's important that she learn, just the same.
I think she should be in here with a notebook.
If she's part of the team she should be here.
Paige is out for four to six weeks.
I have no idea how this is going to help us for Nationals, having one member of your team down.
But you know what?
The show must go on.
Aw.
HOLLY: Hey.
-My baby is broken.
-CHRISTI: Aw.
I cannot believe she broke her foot.
Abby said, "Oh, well that's a bummer.
Because you finally got your duet with Chloe.
-Uh-huh.
-I think that upset her.
Here, 2, 3, 4-- I think Brooke's hip hurts.
Yeah.
Brooke's back and hip definitely are hurting.
I'm watching Brooke during group rehearsals and I see her holding her back.
And I could just tell by her face that she's in pain.
Her solo this week is an acro number.
And if her back's bothering her, I don't know how she's going to do it.
At Brooks age, most people stop doing acro.
Your body just...
-CHRISTI: Doesn't bend that way.
-...doesn't go.
CHRISTI: What do you think Abby's body tells her?
-Stop eating?
-KELLY: Stop eating!
Kendall and I were not invited to the pyramid because Abby still refuses to put Kendall on the team.
We're here strictly to take dance classes.
I just need to be patient and wait for an opportunity to present itself.
-Hi, Paige.
-Hi, Paigey.
-What happened to your foot?
-JILL: How are you?
What happened?
PAIGE: It's broke.
JILL: How long are you out for?
PAIGE: Four to six weeks.
Four to six weeks?
Aw, I'm sorry, honey.
Right at summertime.
You go in.
Kendall, what do you say to Paige?
KENDALL: Good luck.
I really feel bad that Paige is injured.
But maybe I could fill in for her and maybe Abby could just let me be on the team.
So you weren't in here for pyramid?
No.
I was at the doctor's.
You don't know what--who's on top, what-- -what's going down this week?
-PAIGE: Uh-uh.
Me and Chloe were supposed to have our duet.
So Abby told you, you had a duet this week and now you can't dance it?
Aw.
Did she tell you who's going to be in it, instead?
She said that Chloe might be doing a solo.
Aw.
That's all right.
There'll be other duets in your future.
It happens all the time on dance teams, unfortunate for Paige, fortunate for Kendall.
KELLY: Hi, Paigey Mac!
HOLLY: Hello!
MELISSA: Hi, pumpkin.
-Did you learn anything in there?
-PAIGE: Uh-uh.
-HOLLY: You taking notes?
-What did you write in your book?
Nothing.
Jill's here.
KELLY: Oh what was she doing?
Asking questions about this weekend.
KELLY: Why are she asking what happened at pyramid?
Like, Jill, you're not part of the group.
Get it through your head.
You're not part of our group.
It doesn't matter what happened at pyramid.
Abby...
so Paige broke her foot?
Well, she didn't break her foot.
She broke her toe up into her foot.
I wish I could hear what was going on.
I know.
So what now with Paige out?
She told me she's out for four to six weeks.
That has nothing to do with you.
Well, I understand not me, personally, and that's very unfortunate.
But maybe now is there a spot for Kendall?
Oh, my God.
She's like-- she can sniff out an opening.
She must have smelled Paige's broken foot from a mile away.
She's like...
...there's a spot on the pyramid for Kendall!
I'm the last person to ever take Abby's side in anything.
But in the case of Jill versus Abby, Abby wins.
Jill, you have to understand that when you left you didn't just disappear.
You went to this arch rival enemy.
Abby, we've been over this.
-I know.
-And it's very hurtful and also just a slap in the face.
I was very hurt by the way you treated Kendall.
-You can't be-- -You didn't let me do my job.
I want Kendall in the group.
I want Kendall in a duet.
Really, lady?
Did you not learn anything the first time around?
You need to realize your place.
And you don't walk into a rehearsal.
You don't walk into pyramid.
You don't throw your kid at people.
I need to do what's best for Kendall.
I need to do what's best for the group.
-Don't you think Kendall deserves...
-You have to understand that.
-...to be in that group?
-Kendall deserves nothing.
-It's not like you're all entitled.
-JILL: Abby, do you want her to dance...
-ABBY: I want her to take class.
-JILL: ...dance here or not?
-ABBY: I want her to study.
-She's in class.
-ABBY: I want her to get better.
-She was in class last night, Abby.
ABBY: Uh-huh.
Let me tell you who wasn't in class last night.
-Tell me.
-No Hyland kids.
No Chloe.
They don't come to class.
Kendall will come to class.
These moms who give me a hard time for doing what's best for Kendall-- I know deep down inside they would do the exact same thing.
I can't live with myself that I took her away from here and took that opportunity away from her.
So I really need you and want you to give her another chance.
I'm sure she sees it as a golden opportunity.
KELLY: I went downstairs because I heard Jill talking to Abby at the front desk.
And I just wanted to let Jill know Paige is not out of the group.
She's injured and will be back.
So if she's trying to get Kendall to replace Paige, it's not happening.
Why did you ask Paige who was replacing her in the duet?
I didn't.
KELLY: Why would go to Paige and not the moms about what's going on this weekend before you put your claws in to get-- I didn't know Paige was in there.
-I didn't go scouting out Paige.
-But you didn't-- I went in.
She was sitting there -with a broken foot.
-But you didn't come up to Paige...
I said, "Honey, how are you?
-What happened?
-...and say, so what's going this weekend?
JILL: I really didn't do anything inappropriate.
ABBY: Hey, guys.
Maddie has to fly out tomorrow morning to do Drop Dead Diva.
The group comes first.
Absolutely.
I agree with you.
ABBY: A couple of weeks ago, Maddie auditioned for a role on Drop Dead Diva.
She got the part, and I'm thrilled for her.
But we have a competition this weekend.
Missing a day of rehearsals is huge.
I don't want you to get out on stage this weekend in competition, and look like the yahoo who doesn't know what they're doing.
This TV thing is a special event.
But I wish you were going to be here tomorrow for rehearsal.
And that group dance better be perfect.
When Maddie comes back, she's going to have to play catch up.
She better not come back as some Hollywood diva.
And look, hide it, throw it.
It's all about the journal and the diary of Anne Frank.
Brooke is doing a solo this week.
It's about the Holocaust.
I mean, this is serious for Brooke.
I don't know if she has what it takes to perform this number or not.
Does anybody know anything about this Diary of Anne Frank?
Because I have no clue of the story.
I can't believe that Kelly doesn't know who Anne Frank is.
I mean, that's a standard part of curriculum in middle school.
You didn't have to read the Diary of Anne Frank?
-No.
-ABBY: Cartwheel.
Easy.
Easy.
KELLY: I don't really know much about Anne Frank.
But what I do know is that I don't think she was doing cartwheels.
There's a lot that goes into this piece.
And I'm watching Brooke, and she is just grimacing.
Is she telling the story or is she in pain?
KELLY: I don't think Brooke should dance.
I took Brooke to a chiropractor and he thinks that Brooke needs to rest.
And I totally agree.
Why can't brook do a dance with no acrobatics in her dance?
ABBY: You only have three days, kiddo, before you are onstage doing this number.
You're dismissed for right now.
Go ahead and rest that, and then I want you back in here to finish it up.
Can you start down here?
MACKENZIE: I'm rehearsing my solo today and it's a really fun dance.
And it's called You Know You Love It.
I know I love it.
SINGER: ♪You know you love it♪ ABBY: Faster, go.
SINGER: ♪You know you love it♪ ♪You know you love it♪ -And push away.
Shoo!
-SINGER: ♪You know you need it♪ ABBY: Go, push!
I think Mackenzie's dance is darling.
The difficulty level is right up there.
Knee, ball change.
Chainé, side aerial, two times.
I think she's really improving as a dancer, as a performer and as an acrobat.
You need to get this choreography in your head.
Go into the other room and start working on it.
No tumbling!
Hi, guys.
CHRISTI: Oh, God.
Here comes Jill.
She and Kendall aren't even on the team.
But we know Jill well enough to know that the absence of an invitation isn't going to stop her from showing up.
-Hi, Kendall!
-Hey!
ABBY: So, Kendall, I'm looking for a replacement for the duet for Paige.
Abby's having auditions for the duet, which I think is absolutely ridiculous considering Kendall's not on the team.
CHRISTI: Kendall?
Oh, for the love of God.
Maddie is not auditioning because she has solo this week.
Let's have Chloe and Nia do it.
ABBY: Nia...
some things are great.
I just think that you don't look that great with her.
Like, it's a little off.
It's a little quirky.
You don't dance exactly the same.
You dance very much different.
-All right, let me see you and Kendall.
-Okay.
ABBY: And, one...
CHRISTI: I'm a little unclear.
Did Abby call you...
-JILL: No.
-...and say to come back?
No.
She told me get-- get the kid in class.
So she's here, in class.
Do you think I went to Abby and said put her in the duet?
If Abby does, it's because Abby wanted her in there.
Why couldn't you say, "Wow, what a nice thing for Kendall if she's selected?
I don't think it's fair for her -to be put in the duet.
I don't.
-Because, Jill--again-- You guys are so selfish.
-I can't believe they're selfish.
-WOMEN: No.
-No.
That's not being selfish.
-No.
I think it's selfish for you -to think she should be allowed.
-Really?
I never said-- -That's selfish for you.
-I thought she should be allowed.
CHRISTI: You're saying, you know, we should be pleased and happy for her.
But it's at the expense of one of our children who have sacrificed so much to be here.
-It's just another week.
-CHRISTI: They're already on the team.
-It's just another number.
-You're not part of our team.
I take all their snide remarks and all their bullying and all their criticism.
But, you know what?
This is about a mother doing what's best for her daughter.
-Nia looks cute doing this dance.
-You need to say something -if it's Kendall.
-Like, she looks perfectly fine.
-And Holly-- -KELLY: Holly, you are marching your butt down there, if I have to push you down them steps.
My daughter has been there day in and day out.
I think a lot of Abby's practices are unfair.
What's going on with the duet, Abby?
Kendall was in class in the other room.
I went and got her.
Nia was doing it.
She was doing it well.
I gave her some corrections.
Kendall has been gone several weeks.
-ABBY: Right.
-HOLLY: She just came back.
My child has been here throughout.
ABBY: She may not be right for the duet.
-You know-- -She's never right for those special parts unless she's lifting Mackenzie.
ABBY: Holly just doesn't understand.
This is strictly about my best chance at winning.
There are lots of things that she could do.
Right.
But they're not the duet music -that I have this week.
-Well, why don't you find something?
-I agree with you.
-She could do something with the '60s.
She could do something with popping, locking.
She could do all sorts of different things.
ABBY: I agree with you.
But, you know what?
It's a duet with Chloe.
That wasn't the plan.
I wasn't seeking music for Nia.
I was seeking music for Chloe.
No need to get all belligerent and indignant with me.
I am, because I think you know better.
No.
I think you look foolish.
This is strictly about what's right for the duet, not about you want.
Nia will get the duet only if I think she's my best shot at winning.
Let's ballotté!
Changement!
Sissonne!
This week has been tough.
Paige is out with a foot injury.
Brooding Brooke is whining about the back pain.
And Maddie is away doing a role for Drop Dead Diva.
This group number is a mess, and it needs all the help we can get.
So I'm putting Kendall in the group number.
She's still not a member of this team, and I'm not sure about the duet with Chloe yet.
But at least if I put her in the group number, maybe Jill will get off my back.
Up, step, leap onto it.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8!
I think that with Abby knowing Brooke's back is injured, she would have made the executive decision to say, "You know what?
Brooke's going to do a dance this week with no acro in it to let her back rest.
Let someone else do a solo.
Give her back a break.
Oh, Jill...
-are you volunteering?
-KELLY: Oh, for the love of God!
JILL: I'm just saying, would that not make sense?
Give the kid a break There's other kids not dancing solos.
You know, I think it's kind of funny that wherever you go, someone mysteriously, like, breaks a foot.
These moms can laugh at me and make all the snippy comments that they want.
But I'm not going to let them stop me on getting Kendall back on this team.
ABBY: All right, ladies, we have two days.
I don't know.
Does this dance have what it takes?
I don't think so.
You have to get into it.
You need to be fabulous.
Let's go.
Two days!
They're still late.
They're still sloppy.
Their shoulders are still up.
Their elbows are dropping.
I mean, girls, come on.
So where is Maddie?
KELLY: Well, Maddie is doing that Drop Dead Diva thing.
This is a professional job.
Does she get paid for it?
I think when Melissa comes back she'll be very hush-hush about it.
-But she'll want us to ask.
-CHRISTI: Right.
But I don't think she'll want to reveal -too, too much.
-JILL: Hmm.
MELISSA: Maddie and I are getting ready to film Drop Dead Diva.
We're on the way to the sound stage right now, and we're so excited.
I just know she's going to nail her acting performance, just like she does in dancing.
MAN: On your mark.
I'm really excited to be shooting my scenes for Drop Dead Diva.
They had me do a lot of takes over and over, and I actually like that because I like to do everything perfect.
I can't do it!
And it was really fun to see Maddie get into her character.
I'm really happy for her, but it's too bad that the other girls and moms can't be here, as well.
ABBY: Arms!
I need to make a decision on who's doing this duet with Chloe.
I have Brooke, who's in pain with her back.
Nia works hard, but she doesn't really fit in with Chloe.
So, by process of elimination, it's got to be Kendall.
Kendall, you're in the duet.
KENDALL: I'm really excited to do a duet with Chloe.
And I'm really happy because this is my comeback.
And maybe Abby can see that I really can be on the team.
I don't think it's good enough.
It's not going to win.
You have two days to pull it together.
Two days.
-Go.
-Okay.
Thank you.
ABBY: I don't want to deal with Jill.
I don't want 50 million questions.
Drop your kid off, let her learn this duet.
That's it.
That's all I want.
-Hi, Mom.
-JILL: Hi, love.
How are you, baby?
What's going on?
Abby said that I was definitely in the duo.
-Wait.
She did?
-Yeah.
JILL: That's great!
-Aren't you excited?
-KENDALL: Yeah.
I'm so excited!
So the moms were annoyed.
But, guess what?
I don't care.
This is a good opportunity for Kendall to bring her out of her shell and get her back on her road to success.
ABBY: Hello.
-How was it?
-It's great.
Tell me about it.
I did two scenes and I did a solo on this fake stage.
And then I did a dance scene at the studio.
How was your dancing?
Did anybody say anything?
Were they impressed?
MELISSA: After she was all finished, they stood up and clapped for her.
-And it was-- -Oh...
a standing ovation.
What did you learn?
I need to learn how to use my emotion when I act more.
So when you're saying the lines you need to emote, just like you do when you're dancing.
Yes?
I had a lot of fun on the TV show, but now I have to get ready for competition.
So you worked on this number while you were doing Drop Dead Diva?
You did it?
MELISSA: Maddie's kind of like a little machine.
When she wasn't rehearsing for Drop Dead Diva, she was in the hallway running her solo and also the group dance.
JILL: I'm glad you're back.
It was definitely fun and a really great experience.
But it's good for our kids to know there is life after Abby Lee Miller -and outside of here.
-HOLLY: Exactly.
SINGER: ♪I just had another dream♪ ABBY: This routine is called This is Me, Over You.
This music is definitely a subtle note to Maddie.
She is the one with the power.
Use it, kid.
One, push.
Two, push, Three, push.
Four, push.
Sweep, sweep.
Shoo!
MADDIE: I have a solo and a group number.
I also missed a day of rehearsal.
I need to work extra hard today.
ABBY: Smile!
Change your face.
She looked like she forgot a little part.
ABBY: Shoulders, relax.
Don't sit down.
Don't sit down!
I'm rehearsing Maddie's solo, and I can tell...
she's just not there yet.
That one day of missing rehearsal has really set her back.
She needs to be ready for competition tomorrow.
ABBY: We're at Starbound in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Now, it might not be far, but you're going to pick up dancers from New York and New Jersey, as well.
So it should be a pretty tough competition.
Oh, there it is!
ALDC!
Here we go.
ABBY: Brooke, you're doing better?
How's it feel?
KELLY: She said it's numb from the ice being on it.
Can you change her...
front aerial?
Just do a side aerial.
You're the mommy-ographer.
You know it all.
Come on, girls.
Let's go.
ABBY: Brooke's back is in pain.
Paige is out with the foot.
Kendall hasn't danced with these kids in months.
Nia doesn't know what foot she's on.
And Maddie left rehearsal for a day.
This routine could come crashing down at any moment.
ANNOUNCER: All right.
Up next, in the Small Group Musical Theater category, Alouette, -number 590.
- SINGER: ♪ Alouette ♪ ♪ Alouette ♪ SINGERS: ♪ Alouette ♪ ♪ Alouette ♪ ♪ Alouette, gentille alouette ♪ ♪ Alouette, gentille plumerai ♪ ABBY: I'm seeing a lot of mistakes, and their ballet steps are definitely not up to par.
SINGERS: ♪ Alouette, gentille alouette ♪ ♪ Alouette, je te plumerai ♪ I think Kendall is great in the group.
I think she adds a lot of sparkle and shine.
She fits in beautifully.
SINGERS: ♪ Alouette, je te plumerai ♪ ♪ Alouette, gentille alouette ♪ ♪ Alouette, je te plumerai ♪ ♪ Jet te plumerai le bec ♪ ♪ Et le bec!
Et le bec!
♪ ♪ Et le tete!
Et le tet!
♪ ♪ Alouette ♪ I am actually impressed by this.
I think the group dance might be able to pull out a win.
Woo!
Good job, guys!
Can I see the part I messed up?
How do you feel, peanut?
I'm glad that you tried, but Abby will probably yell at you because you were a step behind.
ABBY: Wasn't exactly that je ne sais quoi that I was hoping for, now, was it more like comme ci comme ca.
I think the group number was okay.
Is it good enough to win the overall high score?
I don't know.
But we're going to need that first place trophy if we want to get to nationals.
- - ANNOUNCER: All right, folks, we're going to find out more top Junior Petite Group is.
Third place, with a 287, it goes to Ain't Nothing Wrong With That, -The School of Music and Dance.
- Second place, with a 288, Chattanooga Choo Choo from McHenry Dance Centre!
It is now time to announce our top overall Junior Group winner.
Give it up for Alouette from Abby Lee Dance Company!
ANNOUNCER: Your top Junior Group.
Yay!
I love the fact that these girls won this group dance.
Because Abby kept saying you can't hide behind costumes and a theme and this.
It's all about your technique.
Well, guess what?
Their technique was amazing and those girls won on their own merit.
Oh, doesn't it feel good to win?
Congratulations, ladies.
I saw a lot of mistakes.
How did you pull that out?
I can't believe the girls won with Alouette.
But, hey, we'll take it.
We started the day off with the first overall, and I want to finish the day with a clean sweep.
Mackenzie and Brooke are up first.
You know all the changes?
You confident?
Okay.
Brooke, how's the back?
It still hurts.
ABBY: I'm watching Brooke, watching the body language, watching the moping.
She's hurt, she's sore, and she doesn't want to dance.
You need to use the pain.
Yes?
ABBY: Chin stand, just mark it.
Okay, down.
Head, up.
Down.
I think if Mackenzie can do the entire routine from beginning to end and use her face, this could be a winner.
You ready, babe?
-Well...
-KELLY: Look at her.
Brooke, you got to get up.
KELLY: I'm watching Brooke laying on the floor, and it's just going through my head, you know, should I have her dance?
Shouldn't I have her dance?
I mean, your back is not something to mess with.
My dance has a lot of hard moves and acro.
And I'm really nervous.
ANNOUNCER: Number 592, U Know U Love It.
SINGER: ♪You know you love it♪ ♪Mm-hmm♪ ♪You know you love it ♪ ♪You know you need it ♪ ♪Everything you're looking for♪ -♪First impression ♪ -SINGERS: ♪Hey!♪ SINGER: ♪A little bit makes you want more♪ SINGERS: ♪A new obsession♪ SINGER: ♪You know you need it ♪ ♪You know you love it ♪ ♪You know you love it♪ ♪You know you love it ♪ ♪One more time ♪ ABBY: She was on fire.
You got to love it.
SINGER: ♪You got to have it♪ ♪It's the one thing you desire♪ ♪You know you love it♪ ♪First time you see it You got to have it♪ ♪Can't resist, don't even try♪ MELISSA: She was sassy.
Her faces were cute.
Her legs were straight.
Her toes were pointed.
She hit every move.
-KELLY: Good job!
-CHRISTI: Good job!
MELISSA: Oh, my God.
Mackenzie, you were great!
I'm really happy with my solo.
I thought I danced well.
I think that was the best I ever saw you!
KELLY: All right, Brooke, you need--you need to, like, -lay down on the floor.
-CHRISTI: Fabulous.
What is that for?
For Brooke's back.
I just looked at Brooked laying there, and I thought, you know, I have one kid with a broken foot, another kid laying here crying because it hurts to breathe.
I just had to draw the line there.
I knew what I had to do, as a mom.
Abby, I don't think Brooke's going to do her solo.
It hurts when she breathes.
I don't know how she's going to do it.
I got her ice.
I put this on.
I--I don't know what else I can do.
I can't let her to herself to do a dance.
It's obviously hurting her that she can't do it.
I want her to do it.
She wants to do it, but I don't think she can.
I wish Kelly would have pulled solo earlier, because then maybe Kendall would be dancing a solo today, as well.
Brooke, you don't--it didn't have anything to do with all those other girls there warming up?
Abby, it was hurting before we even came to this building.
ABBY: I think Kelly and Brooke have it all cooked up.
They're going to pull this number because she knows that there are really great dancers here.
She does not want to get on that stage and not win.
Brooke, if you are going to continue to stand like a three-year-old with that sway back, your back is going to hurt!
You and I both know that lazy gets you nowhere!
I gave you an amazing number!
And now you're not going to do it?
No one's ever going to see it?
She can't do it.
ABBY: I told you guys before, you make choices every single day.
Make the right one.
I can't let her hurt herself to do a dance.
I'm sorry.
Her health is more important.
MELISSA: I think it's a really hard call, as a mom, to pull your daughter's dance.
But in this situation, I think Kelly is definitely doing the right thing by telling Abby she can't dance.
MADDIE: I'm nervous about my solo.
I missed a whole day of rehearsal.
I need to dance well.
I don't want to let Miss Abby down.
ANNOUNCER: Up next, Contemporary, ages nine and ten.
Number 591, This is Me, Over You.
SINGER: ♪I just had another dream♪ ♪Where everything was as it should be...
♪ -♪Baby...
♪ - MELISSA: She was beautiful.
She hit everything, and I loved this dance.
SINGER: ♪This time we're really through♪ ♪No more lying♪ ♪No more trying♪ ♪To fix what was never true...♪ ♪This is me, over you♪ ♪This is me, over you...♪ ABBY: When it's all said and done, this proves the Maddie is truly a professional.
She left town, flew on a plane, did a TV show doing a different routine, came back and nailed it.
ANNOUNCER: Number 594, Chasing Answers.
ABBY: Chloe and Kendall's duet is up next.
This is an important number for Kendall.
She came crawling back to me, and she better prove it to me that she can dance with my students.
SINGER: ♪Hello, said the daisy♪ ♪Welcome to a world called crazy ♪ ♪Tell me, have you been here lately?♪ JILL: I really need Kendall to nail this duet.
This is her big chance to show Abby that she deserves to be back on this team.
SINGER: ♪Don't you...
♪ ♪Don't you...
♪ ♪Oh, oh, oh♪ ♪You do ♪ ♪You do it, oh, oh, oh...♪ I think the duet is fabulous.
It's different.
It's not something our girls do every week.
And I think it's really a good number.
SINGER: ♪You do it, ohhh...
♪ ♪Don't you?♪ ♪Ohhh...♪ ♪Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪You do ♪ ♪You do it ♪ ABBY: Was the duet good?
Yes.
Were they a good pair?
Yes.
Did they drive the intensity home at the end?
No.
ANNOUNCER: Now, it's time to announce our top five Junior Petite Soloists.
I'm not sure if the ALDC will get a clean sweep like Abby wants.
But, you know, we'll see what happens.
We'll keep our fingers crossed.
ANNOUNCER: Third place, with a 286, Sara from Just Go Dance Center.
Moving on to second place...
the score...
290.
You Know You Love It.
It's Mackenzie from Abby Lee Dance Company.
ABBY: I think she's the clear cut winner.
There's lots of other little girls that would have loved to have been second, but it's the first one to lose.
Mackenzie, congratulations.
What studio are you from?
Abby Lee Dance Company.
ANNOUNCER: Take a bow for your audience.
I know Mackenzie wished she would have came in first, but I think she did great.
All right.
Here we go, folks, the Junior Soloists.
Third place, the score...
288.
It's going to 455, Lily from Dance Kids.
ANNOUNCER: All right, folks, our top overall Junior Soloist...
This is Me, Over You.
-Maddie, from Abby Lee Dance Company.
- I got an award for you.
Hold on.
Line up with the top 10, giant bow.
ANNOUNCER: Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen.
ABBY: Maddie is the winner, hands down.
She was amazing.
ANNOUNCER: In third place, with a 283, give it up for On a Wire, -Skylar Nicole from Motion in Dance.
- Second place, 286 was the score.
Ice Cream!
-It's Jessica and Reagan, Jaded!
- ANNOUNCER: Your top overall Junior Duet/Trio...
Chasing Answers!
It's Chloe and Kendall from Abby Lee Dance Company!
This is great for me to let Abby know, you can count on this kid to do the choreography you're giving her, and she can win on stage.
Girls, congratulations!
Congratulations, ladies!
Thank you!
Good job, Maddie!
Girl!
I watched you step into those turns.
I was like-- right there, you nailed those.
Huh?
Talk about Drop Dead Diva.
You are the diva.
Yes!
Good job.
Listen.
I blocked out the whole Drop Dead Diva routine because I wanted you to concentrate on this number and on the group number.
But now that the group won and your solo is finished, I want to see what they had you do.
So can you show it to me?
I'm sure everybody else wants to see it, too.
Yes?
CHRISTI: I mean, really, Abby?
These girls have just danced their heart out.
And the only thing you care about is Maddie running her Drop Dead Diva dance in front of everyone?
You're just kind of rubbing this in everybody's face.
I'm not rubbing it in everybody's face.
Your name and your reputation-- what you want them to set their best foot forward.
This is just another example of Abby's blatant disregard for anyone who is not Maddie.
KELLY: So I think that next time that we have the opportunity to do an audition, that everybody should get the opportunity.
ABBY: Where's she going?
-HOLLY: I don't know where she's going.
-ABBY: Maddie!
Because of the vultures in this room...
-No, Abby.
-ABBY: ...that poor kid -has to go like this.
-No, Abby.
-Nope.
-And, you know what?
-She doesn't have to, Abby.
She does.
-You know who creates the vultures?
-It's you.
-HOLLY: No.
CHRISTI: Because you try to turn all of these kids against their friend, and that little girl's mortified all the time, which you don't care.
How about being a role model?
I have heard you say to her, to that little nine-year-old girl, no one would be happy for you.
Everyone's jealous of you.
-Why do you do that?
-You are!
-Look at you!
-CHRISTI: No, we're not!
No, we're not.
-ABBY: Years ago-- -You have sabotaged my daughter and the rest of the kids!
Your daughter is a little sneak!
-HOLLY: Go out.
Girls, go out.
Go out.
-How dare you call my daughter a sneak?
-Sneak!
Sneak!
Sneak!
-CHRISTI: She's not a sneak!
You're a sneak and a snake!
You do these things to these kids!
-She is talented!
-CHRISTI: Yes, she is!
-Nobody's denying it!
-And she should relish it!
Because in five years, -she might not be talented anymore!
-CHRISTI: Why did you try -to pit her against her friends?
-Look at Brooke!
Don't say my daughter isn't talented anymore.
ABBY: That's not what I just said.
-You just said, in five years...
-ABBY: No.
...she might not be talented anymore.
Look at Brooke!
-CHRISTI: She is very talented!
-She may be hurt!
-She may never dance again!
-CHRISTI: Everybody is talented!
Everyone in this room is talented.
-And if you really-- -You're not!
Oh, please.
I have more talent in my pinky than you.
Why?
Because you're a whore selling t-shirts in the bar?
Oh, Abby, whore!
Whore!
Whore!
Whore!
Or, as Kelly would say, maybe you're a virgin because no one would you.
I've had it with these moms.
They're rude and they're nasty, and they're jealous of a little nine-year-old girl who got a part on a television show.
Au revoir.
