This weekend, we will be traveling to Miami Beach, Florida.
CATHY: I got Kendall a performance opportunity.
You'll be spectacular for me.
-Okay.
-This is great for us.
I would like for Nia to be considered for the trio.
This is my domain.
I'm the principal here.
She got a solo tonight.
-Abby.
-And you just blew it.
SINGER: ♪ Get up ♪ ♪ Get on the floor ♪ ♪ My world is with my girls living on the dance floor ♪ ABBY: Let's go, girls.
Come on.
Come on.
Get in here.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Last week's competition, Fire and Ice, to me, was a big disappointment, ladies.
I mean, here we are, invited back as winners, and you guys don't even place?
Not acceptable.
Six of you weren't in unison.
The group, it was just a complete trainwreck.
When you do partner work, it really has to be in sync.
The group needs to be cleaner, do you understand?
KELLY: I am so sick of Abby coming down on our kids.
How are you going to be amazing on stage when your teacher keeps knocking you down and making you lose your self-confidence?
She always puts the blame on someone else.
ABBY: All right, now let me get right to the pyramid.
First I have Mackenzie.
I think your acting could have been bigger and longer, and I think when you walk, we need to work on turning those feet out.
Next I have Paige.
I was in the dressing room all day long with you.
I didn't see you utilizing your spare time, and you need to do that.
Next, Nia.
I just need to see more from you.
HOLLY: It's tough to see Nia at the bottom of the pyramid again and again and again this week.
It's--it's frustrating.
She's doing everything she possibly can to get ahead.
Moving up, Chloe.
Chloe, I thought you did a nice job on your solo, but your age is 10.
You're competing 10 to 12.
You have to dance like a 12-year-old.
CHRISTI: Chloe competed against girls who were years older than her and she still got second place.
The only thing Abby sees, though, is that she didn't win first.
She is ridiculous.
And next we have Brooke.
Once again, you danced 13 to 15.
At 13, you won the whole division.
And on the top of the pyramid is Maddie.
Maddie, I challenged you to see if you could stay there for two weeks in a row, and you did.
Now I'm challenging you again.
Can you make it three?
MADDIE: I was so happy to be in the top of the pyramid for two weeks in a row, but also, I kind of feel bad for the other girls because I think they worked very hard, too.
All right, now...
this weekend, we will be traveling to Miami Beach, Florida.
I love Miami.
It's tropical.
It's exciting.
It's fun.
It's fast-paced.
There's sun.
There's sand.
And there's boys.
We will all be performing a group number.
MACKENZIE: Even me?
-ABBY: Even you.
-Yay.
ABBY: The group number is called "Reputation.
I want you to think about Annette Funicello and Frankie Avalon and Beach Blanket Bingo.
PAIGE: Miss Abby starts talking about Annette Funicello and the Beach Bingo.
I have no idea what she's talking about.
Now moms, when those girls get home tonight, I want you to look at some of those old movies.
I want the girls to see what that's all about, because that's going to be their group number.
It's '60s.
It's pony.
It's swim.
Cute, cute, cute.
Fun in the sun.
I want to see big high ponytails, big beautiful smiles, and little itsy-bitsy '60s bikinis.
This week, Maddie, you have another solo.
Chloe, you'll also be doing a solo.
My next soloist will be Nia.
We also have a trio with Maddie, Chloe, and Paige.
It would be nice if Nia could be considered for the trio.
And, here was a possible potential opportunity for Nia, and once again, she's overlooked.
ABBY: Yes?
I'm just letting you know that I have to get my warts cut out of my feet tomorrow.
They said she should be fine to dance in three days, so we'll be cutting it close.
But I don't want to put her in a trio and then have her physically be in pain while she's learning it.
We can't change the appointment.
I've changed it like 15 times.
She's having a hard time walking on it.
You know what?
I'm going to have to think about that.
I might put someone else in the trio.
Plantar warts are common to dancers, and when you have to have them removed, sometimes the kid's out of a dance for a week or two weeks.
You need to get that fixed.
That takes priority.
So we need to start working on the script number right away.
It's going to be a long week.
Suck the yawns out.
Quit yawning in my face.
Spread apart.
Get ready to work.
Moms.
CATHY: I want resistance.
I want the shoulders going down and I want the chin going up, Okay?
Press those shoulders down.
Okay, down.
Lift your chin.
Straight.
All right, that was the best one yet.
That was fabulous, Kendall.
Abby's great at pointing out all of Kendall's faults.
I don't know if she's so great at fixing them.
With my tutelage and the Candy Apple name, Kendall is really going to blossom.
I can't believe it, Cathy, after what, 15 minutes, you fixed three or four things like that?
CATHY: Here's the thing, Jill, we've got what it takes back here, -the foundation.
-JILL: Yeah.
We've got the core, no pun intended.
I'm just going to give you a little secret.
Kendall is doing really well.
I have big plans for her.
JILL: Cathy says she has big plans for Kendall.
I just hope that Cathy's big plans are in line with my big plans.
SINGER: ♪ Come on ♪ ABBY: I want to take the girls back to an era of innocence, to Frankie and Annette and the beach blankets and the beach balls and the umbrellas.
If you don't point that foot, I'm going to come out there and break it.
Point your foot.
We're going to Miami.
And in South Florida, every kid dances, and every kid is amazing.
Paige will be very upset if she doesn't get to do the trio.
I agree.
She'll go on there and dance, whether her foot hurts or not, just because she doesn't want to be replaced in the trio.
Why are you doing the surgery now?
You can't wait like a couple more weeks?
She--she's having a hard time walking on it.
KELLY: Abby says the dancers dance through pain.
That's fine if you're on Broadway, but my daughter is 11 years old, and if she can't dance, she's not dancing.
Did she mention what the trio was going to be?
No, and I thought she would have, because I was wondering if she had to switch it up who it might be, because I think Nia would have gladly stepped in.
Oh, Nia was volunteering herself.
I see that, yeah.
I am continuously frustrated with Abby.
Nia has so much to offer.
She has great potential.
And yet Abby only sees one aspect of Nia, and I'm beginning to believe she will never get a trio.
I'm getting really sick and tired of it.
Here's my kid giving 110%, and there is Abby-- -Who can't even give her 50%.
-She can't even give her 50%.
I think that you have valid points, and if you really feel that strongly, then maybe it's best that you tell Abby.
Well, I just hope I can go downstairs and be calm.
Because I'm usually very calm, but I'm usually not as ticked as I am tonight.
Abby didn't give Nia the trio.
Maybe enough is enough and I should speak up and just remind Abby that there is someone here.
If Paige is not able to perform, Nia might be able to step in.
Okay.
All right, Ms.
Holly.
Good luck.
All right.
ABBY: One, two, three, four.
Why are you interrupting my rehearsal?
Can I see you for a second outside?
Just for a moment.
Just for a moment.
Hold it.
I am coming to your school.
I am walking into your office and I'm going to interrupt you.
-It's ridiculous.
-Fine, you go ahead and do that.
Parents do that all the time.
I don't think there's anything more invasive than being interrupted.
Holly is now a principal.
She, of all the mothers, should understand.
I would like for Nia to be considered for the trio.
You said you would consider her.
Yet you looked at her and you looked beyond her in pyramid and didn't even give her the courtesy -of being considered.
-You are so far off my plans, you have no clue.
I was already planning on Nia being the swing for Paige in the trio, but Holly can't even give me three seconds to let me tell her this.
No.
She has to come in, interrupt my rehearsal again.
Paige might not be able to do it.
Nia's in.
-Why didn't you just say that -ABBY: Nia has a solo.
Because you come and interrupt me.
You don't need to do that.
You don't know what my master plan is.
You would think she would have a little bit of respect.
What I asked is that we're on the same page.
That's all you have to say, is like, Holly, we're thinking the same thing.
That's all you had to say.
Yeah, but Holly, it's not about what you're thinking.
I don't give a crap what you're thinking.
You know what?
It does matter what I'm thinking because I'm her mother.
A mother looking out for her daughter trumps the word of a dance teacher, all of the time.
Not inside this studio it doesn't, sweetheart.
This is my domain.
I'm the principal here.
-It's my office.
-What you fail-- what you fail to realize, Abby, -is that you don't control me.
-I don't care of what you think.
I will not be bossed around in my own studio.
I give Nia a solo and then I think about putting her in the trio, but that's just not good enough for Holly.
Nothing's ever good enough.
But you know what?
Detention is good enough, and that's what her and Nia both need.
Get the hell out.
Go.
What did she say?
She had a solo tonight -and you just blew it.
-Abby.
ABBY: You're expelled.
You're done.
Holly didn't do me any favors.
She ruined this entire evening's rehearsal.
Nia didn't even get a chance to learn the trio.
What has Holly accomplished?
Nothing.
HOLLY: There are no amount of solos, duos, trios which are worth this aggravation.
Are you leaving?
I am never setting foot in this studio again.
ABBY: Let's go.
Take the number from the top.
All right.
Wait a minute.
Where's Nia?
-I don't know.
-I have no idea.
-She...
-ABBY: Ugh.
I thought after last night's blowup that Holly would have time to come to her senses.
She needs to have Nia at rehearsal today, but Nia is not here.
Come on, Holly.
Grow up.
Girls, we have two days, two days, before you're in Miami against all those kids that dance at a studio and at school.
And then there were two.
I know.
-You know what, though?
-Nobody likes us.
The two bitches are left.
I don't blame Holly and Nia for not being at rehearsal today.
I wouldn't want to look at her, either, after she talked to me that way.
I mean, Abby just pushes and pushes, and I hope she gets pushed too far this time.
Smile, over the top.
Watch the butt.
Do you think Holly will come at all?
I don't know.
I texted her and I asked her how she was, and her response was, I'm not good.
I can't imagine her not being her to Miami.
I mean, she has a solo, too, -you know what I mean?
-Yeah, I know.
If we lose Holly, it's going to be a devastating loss to our team.
She's our center.
She really is.
She keeps us sane, believe it or not, if we were even to be called sane.
I feel bad because we have to learn this dance.
Then Nia will be behind.
Hold two, three, four.
And exit.
I think we're good.
I think that's a wrap.
I don't know where Nia is, but rehearsal's over.
She missed it.
Remember, everyone's replaceable.
-WOMAN: Hi.
-Hi.
We have an appointment for Paige.
WOMAN: Okay.
If you could just sign in there.
KELLY: This week, Paige has to go to the doctors to have some plantar warts removed.
But the problem is we have a competition this weekend, so Paige only has two days for her feet to heal.
DOCTOR: What's giving you trouble?
I have three warts.
DOCTOR: Three warts.
-Do they hurt?
-PAIGE: Yeah.
She's a dancer, so whenever she turns, the one on the ball of her foot really hurts.
DOCTOR: As a dancer and wanting to get back on your feet, if you would have an infection or slow healing, or even just the discomfort could keep her off a little bit longer.
I can tell you you can dance, but your body may tell you something different.
Okay.
These warts are bothering her feet just to walk around in.
So, I have to get them done.
I'm stepping up as a mom and health is coming before dance.
DOCTOR: Okay, Paige, we're going to give each one of these a little zap there.
Here's the first one.
KELLY: Okay, Paige, squeeze my hand when it hurts.
DOCTOR: You did great.
It wasn't too bad, was it?
We're going to put a Band-Aid on each one of those and then we'll give you some ice to put on there, okay?
You did good, angel.
I hope Paige can dance this week.
I hope that we have no complications.
ABBY: Take it from the top.
Push.
Lead with that heel, Maddie.
Maddie is doing a solo.
It's called "All of My Life.
This is a stellar routine for her.
It has all the elements that she needs.
She jumps.
She turns.
Her transitions are lovely.
But all of your life has been dancing, right?
A dream's coming true and setting new goals, and that's what you need to convey to the judges.
All right, out you go.
Send me Chloe.
All right, let's go from the top that far with the music.
Five, six, seven, eight.
Look at me.
When you turn around there, make sure you feel your shoulder blades popping open.
CHLOE: This week my solo is called "Send Down Your Life," and I'm excited to do another contemporary lyrical because last week I did a more dark piece.
All right now, remember, you're going to get to Miami and your toughest competition flew on the plane with you from Pittsburgh.
Yes.
Be confident.
Pretend you're going after 12 and 13-year-olds.
Got it?
All right.
See ya.
JILL: Go in and get to class, okay?
-CATHY: Hey, Kendall.
-Hi.
The girls are waiting, so hurry up and get changed so we can start rehearsal.
-Jill.
Jill.
Jill.
-Hurry up.
CATHY: Come here.
I'm like beaming.
I'm so excited.
I got Kendall a performance opportunity, or as they say in Hollywood, I got her a gig.
You got her a gig.
What?
Yes, an opportunity to dance with the Harlem Globetrotters.
-JILL: You are kidding.
-No, isn't that fabulous?
It is at halftime, okay, and she's going to be doing...
JILL: How fun.
...like a little solo out there.
JILL: I think it's adorable.
I think it's a perfect fit for Kendall to be dancing at the halftime show of the Harlem Globetrotters.
Listen, we'll talk about it later, okay?
-That is great.
All righty.
-CATHY: All right, go get Kendall.
JILL: Thanks.
ABBY: Now listen, you need to tell the story, but you need to dance, and it's not easy.
We have an adorable trio, and it's called "Ladybugs.
The number is perfectly suited for Maddie, Paige, and Chloe, but some of the steps in the number are very difficult.
This is advanced choreography.
I know your feet are hurting, but you need to cowboy up and you need to dance.
I need to know if you can't do the steps because your feet are sore today.
All right, let's do it.
PAIGE: Yesterday, I had my plantar warts removed and my feet are really sore, so I'm trying my best.
Come on, bigger, Paige.
Back leg higher, Paige.
You're falling off your center.
Is the foot flexed or pointed, Paige?
Pointed.
Really?
Did the doctor say no dancing for-- No.
He said as long as she didn't have a blister, she could dance.
The doctor said that unless Paige has any blistering, she can go ahead and dance.
ABBY: Does it hurt to point it?
A little bit.
Okay, because your foot is just like this.
She doesn't want to be replaced in the trio again.
Whoa.
Paige, I know your feet hurt, but what happened to that whole section you forgot?
If you go out there and dance like you were today, we don't have a shot at winning.
I'm going to have to pull you from the number.
Go, you're finished.
Paige is really making me nervous.
She is hopping all over the place.
Her foot is really bothering her.
I may have no other choice but to pull the trio from the competition.
Have a seat over here.
-ABBY: Hey.
-Hi.
ABBY: Holly blew up at me the other night because she wants Nia in a trio, but they have been absent from rehearsals for an entire day and a half.
We're leaving for Miami tomorrow.
She definitely wants to come back.
Nia wants to be here.
And I just don't want what happened to interfere with her dance progress, and whatever the issues we have each other.
I would never let a kid's parent hold me back.
Nia, you need to get into rehearsal.
I just don't want you to let her miss rehearsals.
She will be here.
Nia makes her own opportunities.
She has to earn it.
I decided to come back to the studio to teach Nia how to take the high road, be a bigger person, and not run away from your problems.
-Hey, ladies.
-DANCE MOM: Hi.
DANCE MOM: How's it going?
MELISSA: So glad you're back.
The hardest thing was walking through that door again because I certainly didn't want to do that.
Nia really wanted to come and she wanted-- she was worried about the group dance.
What a team player.
-HOLLY: She is.
-CHRISTI: I know.
HOLLY: It's the first thing she asked about this morning before we went to school.
Y Am I going to the dance today?
I'm like, are you kidding me?
Ultimately, my daughter loves to dance.
She has that passion.
And if that means that I have to deal with that evil witch Abby, then I guess I'll just be the bigger person.
ABBY: Nia, don't make any mistakes, because you missed the whole first rehearsal when I had time to go through mistakes.
Oh, Nia, did you see that left foot?
I'm a bit concerned going to Miami.
I know there's going to be amazing dancers there.
I mean, they are on their A-game all the time.
Nia, that whole entire section is what we went over and over and over, and you missed it, and that's the part you missed.
All right, girls, dismissed.
It's over.
Nia, maybe you can practice in Florida because you don't know that section.
HOLLY: I know Nia wants to do a really good job, but I am worried that this week has been a little bit too much on her.
ABBY: Stretch the knees.
SINGER: ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ Turn out.
Nia is doing a jazz acrobatic routine.
Nia didn't show up for rehearsal for a whole day and a half.
Will she pull it off?
I don't know.
Forced arch.
Come on.
I don't see those heels touching.
Freeze.
Squeeze those ankles together.
Get up.
Do it.
Hold that.
Hold that.
Squeeze that.
She better go out and nail this after all the trouble her mother caused me during my rehearsals.
CHRISTI: I am so excited to get out of the cold Pittsburgh winter.
Miami, Florida, here we come.
ABBY: We're about to arrive at the airport, so I want you on your best behavior as you enter this airport and board the flight.
The competition starts now.
Oh, for goodness sakes.
I think it's good that the girls and I have some free time to ourselves to go to the ocean and just have some relaxation time.
Yay.
We have no kids, no Abby.
Now, who all watched the video Beach Blanket Bingo?
-Me.
-You did?
Good girl.
One person?
You didn't watch it?
No?
50 push-ups, 50 push-ups, 50 push-ups, 50 push-ups.
I told your mothers to make sure you watch the movie.
Come on.
This really scares me.
It scares me because these mothers are not backing up Abby Lee Miller.
They are not backing up my lessons for the girls.
Tell them about the movie.
What other moves did they do?
They were like going like that.
ABBY: The pony, the swim, the jerk.
Are the pony, the swim, and the jerk in your number?
Yes.
So let's see.
Stand up.
Well, the girls have worked really hard and we only have a few hours to spend on the beach.
-Can we go in the water?
-Yup.
Can you go in the water?
-Yeah.
-Yes.
-Please.
-How about if I pick you up and throw you in the water?
Can we go?
Go, go, go, go, go.
I don't know how cold it is, guys.
GIRLS: Ow.
Ow, my feet.
GIRLS: Oh.
Where's Mackenzie?
Oh, jeez.
You had to go and lose her.
I could have gotten lost at sea.
How's Paige?
How's her feet?
-How is she doing today?
-Yeah.
Ugh.
She has moments that they are bothering her.
If you watch her watch walk, it's like she's on her tippy toe on one foot and on her heel on the other one.
But I think Paige will be able to do it.
I think Paige will be able to do it.
If by chance she wakes up and it's blistered or something, I'm not allowing her-- Nia's going to sneak into the room tonight with a cigarette and go-- - - I know Paige's feet are bothering her.
I just hope that Paige would tell me if she couldn't dance.
How do your feet feel?
They're okay.
They just hurt when I walk and I run.
ABBY: Okay, well, don't walk and don't run.
DANCE MOM: Holly, is Nia able to do it?
HOLLY: You know, I'm a nervous Nellie.
I always were.
Like, can she pull it off?
Nia has been running her solo every free chance that she gets, but she's only had one chance to run it with Abby, and I'm really concerned how well Nia's going to perform during this competition.
It's not like she had a lot of time to learn it, so that's a lot of pressure.
I think she's prepared to do it, but I think she's probably also nervous at the same time.
This is exciting.
I'm excited.
Kendall, she's going to dance at the halftime show of the Harlem Globetrotters.
This is going to be like a cheerleader dance, and I think the crowd will really appreciate her for what she's going to bring to it.
She's about to go on here in a second.
-Oh, okay.
-Oh, she is?
Let's go get you over to that corner.
-Thank you so much.
-All right, listen, Kendall.
Kendall.
You can do this, okay?
-Okay.
You're going to be spectacular for me.
-Okay.
-This is great for us.
Candy Apples and Kendall, we might have to take it on the road.
All right, do good.
KENDALL: This is the most people I've ever danced in front of before, and I'm feeling a lot of pressure, and I don't want to disappoint my mom or Cathy.
ANNOUNCER: Please welcome Canton's very own Candy Apple's Kendall.
JILL: I'm getting a little nervous.
This is the biggest thing Kendall has ever done, and if she nails it, I am confident this will open many more doors for her.
SINGER: ♪ I don't know about you ♪ ♪ But I'm ready to have a good time ♪ SINGER: ♪ And party all night ♪ SINGER: ♪ I don't know about you ♪ ♪ But I'm ready to have a good time ♪ SINGER: ♪ And party all night ♪ -SINGER: ♪ Let's have a good time ♪ -SINGER: ♪ Hey ♪ -SINGER: ♪ Let's have a good time ♪ -SINGER: ♪ Hey ♪ -SINGER: ♪ Let's have a good time ♪ -SINGER: ♪ Hey ♪ -SINGER: ♪ Good time-- ♪ -SINGER: ♪ And party all night ♪ -SINGER: ♪ Let's have a good time ♪ -SINGER: ♪ Hey ♪ -SINGER: ♪ Let's have a good time ♪ -SINGER: ♪ Hey ♪ SINGER: ♪ Good, good, good time, good time ♪ SINGER: ♪ And party all night ♪ Whoo.
-And you keep the smile too.
-JILL: Get him right here.
Come here.
She came to dance, so she was going to go out there and dance.
And I was really, really proud and really pleased for Kendall.
This is really--she needed this.
This is like an arena, like a big stage.
It's the morning of the competition, and I'm feeling excited, energized.
It's at the Florida International University, a gorgeous campus.
Remember, this is Miami.
Even though these girls are on dance teams and they're here competing, they all go to dance class.
You want them to go home saying, oh my goodness, you can't believe those girls from Pittsburgh.
So in the green room, right before we're getting ready to dance, Paige is sitting there icing her feet, and I'm thinking, this doesn't look too good.
You told me that you think you can do it.
I'd rather pull the number now, when they take a break, than pull it right before it's ready to go and have you all upset and everybody upset.
I think I can do it.
ABBY: Paige better not be lying to me, and this better not come back to bite me in the butt.
They better get out there and be the divas that I trained them to be.
ANNOUNCER: Performing next we have Abby Lee Dance.
SINGER: ♪ Dum, dum, da ♪ ♪ Dum, dum, da ♪ ♪ You're born with it or you're not ♪ ♪ And if you're lucky you'll look really hot like me ♪ ♪ Come on now, let's see what you got ♪ ♪ 'Cause looks are everything ♪ ♪ Guys are knocking...
♪ ABBY: The pink, the blue, and the purple were just striking on stage.
It was different than anything anybody did.
SINGER: ♪ Looks looks, whoa oh oh ♪ PAIGE: I'm really proud of myself because I danced through the pain.
SINGER: ♪ I raise my feet ♪ ♪ I miss a beat ♪ ♪ Throw my seat ♪ ♪ Don't care ♪ ♪ Get off my back ♪ ♪ I make a sound ♪ ♪ I walk down so I can walk right through that door ♪ ANNOUNCER: Performing next we have the Abby Lee Dance routine.
SINGER: ♪ Come on, let's have some fun ♪ ♪ Come on ♪ ♪ Come on, let's have some fun ♪ MELISSA: I knew they were going to be fabulous because I could just tell in their attitude.
The costumes are so adorable.
They come strutting out, and I just love this dance.
SINGER: ♪ Come on, let's have some fun ♪ ♪ Come on, let's have some fun ♪ ABBY: I think that everybody doing something different in the choreography really worked in our favor.
When the girls went back to the umbrella and Brooke did her roundoff back step out, the crowd went crazy.
ANNOUNCER: Thank you so much for coming out.
It was amazing.
In fourth place, the ladies from Riviera Prep.
This group was clearly the best.
They were the most entertaining.
They were having fun.
The whole audience was into it.
I would really be surprised if they didn't win first.
ANNOUNCER: Moving on.
Third place ensemble, "Beach Fun" from Abby Lee.
ANNOUNCER: In second place, we have the trio from Abby Lee.
ABBY: Even though we did not win first place in the group category, I'm still very proud of the girls.
Not only is the competition fierce in Miami, but they were competing against girls in high school, and they still placed in the top three.
That's impressive.
What did you girls think?
I thought we did really good.
HOLLY: Well, there was tough competition out there tonight.
ABBY: There was definitely tough competition, and congratulations to everybody.
But before you went out there, remember, this is Miami.
These girls are probably going to be amazing.
You want to be more amazing.
Understood?
The group dance did not win first place, but I have solos that will shine.
MELISSA: I'm a little nervous this week for Maddie to do her solo, because it's on a gym floor and she slipped last time we were in a gym.
So she's really, really nervous.
ANNOUNCER: Maddie please step on stage.
Go, baby.
SINGER: ♪ It happens in movies ♪ ♪ It happens in songs ♪ ♪ I didn't believe it ♪ ♪ Till you came along ♪ ♪ There's so much to tell you ♪ ♪ Where do I start?
♪ ♪ There's so many feelings here in my heart ♪ ♪ All of my life ♪ ♪ I want to feel the way I feel tonight ♪ MELISSA: I think Maddie's solo this week is one of my favorites.
Uh, the song is beautiful, and she really got into character, and it really touched my heart.
CHLOE: This week I'm really excited for my solo.
I think my costume is perfect for Miami, and I love it.
And I hope this week I can really win first.
ANNOUNCER: Next we have Chloe from Abby Lee.
SINGER: ♪ Is it any wonder ♪ ♪ Is it any wonder ♪ ♪ To see me ♪ ♪ See that I'm out there ♪ ♪ A little girl reaching out ♪ ♪ Oh, see there out there ♪ ♪ A little girl reaching out ♪ ♪ Oh, oh ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Oh, oh ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Oh, oh ♪ ABBY: Chloe's solo was good.
I saw a few things that she can improve upon.
She did some new turns in her dance that I really don't feel she's ready to do yet.
But otherwise, I thought she did a great job.
ANNOUNCER: Nia, please step on stage.
HOLLY: Nia was really shaken up by the argument that I had with Abby, and I'm concerned that this fight is going to get her focus not on the dance but focusing on trying to please Abby and doing everything perfectly.
SINGER: HOLLY: My worst fears are coming true and my heart begins to break, and I see my little girl freeze.
HOLLY: I'm watching Nia perform and I see my little girl freeze, and there's nothing more I can do than just be a supportive mom.
ANNOUNCER: Nia.
Let's hear it for Nia.
Come on.
-Mom, I forgot it.
-It's okay.
You know the dance.
NIA: I forgot it, Mom.
No, Nia.
Okay, you know the dance.
You know the dance in your body.
We'll work on it.
You will do it again.
It's your turn to shine, okay?
Stop psyching yourself out.
You're an amazing, amazing dancer.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
We care that you can show people and you can dance.
At this point, we have nothing to lose.
Let me go to the competition director.
I know it's very rare that they would ever let someone do a dance over.
I want my child to at least be considered for a second chance.
Hi, I wasn't sure who I should speak to.
Nia would like to do her dance again, if it's at all possible.
Take a deep breath before you go on.
I'll find a spot.
What I found was the competition director was amazing.
She was very accommodating.
Her heart bled for Nia and she allowed her to do this dance again, and I was thrilled.
I knew when she got off the stage, she was going to be mortified, but most importantly, she wasn't be afraid of Abby's reaction.
I heard you're going to dance again.
You know when you dance again, you have to be 1,000 times better than the first time.
For me, it's not just about this routine on this day.
This is a life lesson that we all need to learn.
I am preparing Nia for the future, and a future in this business is tough.
You don't get a second chance.
ANNOUNCER: And taking the stage for a second time, we have Nia.
SINGER: ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ Baby, don't be shy ♪ ANNOUNCER: You did it.
I'm happy for Nia.
She had the courage to face the audience, and she performed with a smile, with energy.
She proved herself that she could do it.
- - ANNOUNCER: Moving on to elementary division, first through fifth grade.
In third place...
Nia from Abby Lee.
ABBY: Even after the week that kid's had, Nia acted like a responsible dancer.
If you fall off the bike, you need to get right back on it.
Good for her.
That was good, Holly.
-She'll be happy with that.
-She'll be happy.
NIA: I'm proud of myself and I'm glad I did it.
ANNOUNCER: In second place, Chloe from Abby Lee.
And in first place, elementary, Maddie from Abby Lee.
ABBY: I am so proud of my girls.
All the solos placed-- Maddie first, Chloe second, and even Nia placed third.
I'm thrilled and I'm honored, and I'm glad we came to Miami and kick some tan butts.
DANCE MOM: Good job, girls.
DANCE MOM: Good job.
ABBY: It was good.
Nia came back.
You placed.
That was good.
Think about what you can do better so that that never happens again, and maybe place higher.
CHRISTI: I thought you looked great.
ABBY: Let's go.
Get packed up.
Let's move.
Good weekend in Miami.
You guys seem tired.
You're in Miami.
This place--the clubs don't even open till midnight.
Come on.
We're going to B-E-D.
That's right.
-Bed.
-Yup, that's right.
Club Bed.
