ABBY: Previously, on Dance Moms...
MAN : this weekend has been canceled.
Oh, my God.
-Calm down, calm down.
- Nia...
Whatever.
I'll pack my bags and go home right now!
-That would not make me happy-- -Because that's what I'm doing!
-ABBY: And you know who's gonna lose?
-I'm sick of this !
-ANNOUNCER: This is Maddie.
- ANNOUNCER: Here we go.
- -JILL: Oh!
I gotta go.
I don't want to make Abby mad.
ABBY: Jill, you have a big decision to make.
Don't take it lightly.
I'll discuss it with my daughter.
You know?
What we come up with.
That's just a little something.
ABBY: You know everyone's going hate you -when they see that?
-I've got nothing to lose.
- -Right?
-CHRISTI: I think you should-- -You guys pick on me 'cause you push me out-- -I think because you're a diva...
-...that's what she wants.
-...table for one.
-Oh.
ABBY: I have had it with you!
What is she saying?
ABBY: You didn't show up the whole month to take class.
Your mother sits out there and screams.
We come to Dance to dance, and sitting there is not dance.
Go.
HOLLY: And I think the guns are, also as moms, it's throwing us off a bit.
I've done children with guns.
That's what we entered, that's what we're doing.
SINGER: ♪Get up♪ ♪Get on the floor♪ ♪My world is with my girls♪ ♪Livin' on the dance floor♪ ABBY: Ladies!
Let's go!
Come on!
We have lots to go over.
It's going to be a busy, busy, busy week here.
No coming late, no leaving early.
Now, Texas.
We had all these plans made to go to New Jersey.
And then, at the last minute, we have to completely flip it.
There's a lot of dance companies in this country that would have said, "Fine, we're not going.
And we didn't do that.
We went, some great things happened and some really bad things happened.
Now, this week, we are going to Hollywood Vibe right here in Pittsburgh.
I want to see 100% from every single one of you.
Remember, we're in our backyard.
You have a target on your back, so do I.
There's a little bit more riding on Hollywood Vibe because it's in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The group number is called "Private Eyes.
I'm going to arm you with the secret weapon.
You're going to be using guns...
- -ABBY: ...in your routine.
When you step on that stage, I want you to kill it.
Understood?
You're going to blow the competition away.
I'm not really thrilled at the idea of my daughter dancing on stage with a weapon.
Plastic or not, it's still sending the wrong message.
But I'm so used to sending the wrong message at Abby's, I should really just...
I should give up.
Now, we're going to move into the pyramid.
Mackenzie...
you went from first to worst in one routine.
You always have to keep working.
Nia, you had a pretty dance.
I thought you did well.
No problem.
Kendall...
I understand the costume was an issue...
This is Kendall's costume.
They don't need a $500 costume to win.
I'm sick of this !
ABBY: Jill, I'm sure you have something to say about it, but I'll tell you what-- it doesn't matter what you wear.
Ultimately, at the end of the day, it's your technique.
That's what you need to work on.
All right.
Next, Maddie.
Maddie, you could have been seriously injured.
ABBY: Get the pout off your face, Maddie.
You know that you made that mistake, and that's what you get.
JILL: I don't feel that Maddie should be at the bottom of the pyramid this week.
I think it's ridiculous.
She fell, things happen, and I'm just glad my daughter's not hurt.
ABBY: So let that be a lesson to everybody.
Don't change your mind in midair.
Moving on.
Chloe.
Chloe, it was good, but obviously not good enough.
Next, I have Brooke.
Great performance, and then forgot the ending.
You didn't know what you were doing and you just fizzled out.
And on the top of the pyramid...
-Paige.
- ABBY: Paige, your legs were straight.
Your feet were pointed.
And you went out there and you won it.
-Congratulations.
-Thank you.
KELLY: I think everybody in the room just wanted to, like, jump up and down for Paige.
She has never been at the top of the pyramid, and she really deserves this.
All right, ladies, the group number, everyone will be dancing except Mackenzie.
I'm going to enter a trio...
Chloe, Maddie, and...
Paige.
I'm going to pick you back into the trio because you're on top of the pyramid.
Kendall...
get the look on your face.
I can't take any chances this week.
I need to win.
JILL: Kendall and I decide to stick this out.
We want to make this work.
We are team players.
So we come back, we're part of the team, and this is how Abby repays us-- by taking Kendall out of the trio.
Chloe...
you will be doing a solo.
Maddie, you will be doing a solo.
We're taking two champions that already won at Hollywood Vibe.
I'm telling you, one of you better with it again.
-Do you understand?
-GIRLS: Yes.
I want to see that champion in the studio.
You're dismissed.
-Thank you.
-GIRLS: Thank you.
No.
You guys spread apart.
Let's go.
Girls, This is Hollywood Vibe.
The last time you did your group there, you didn't win.
It was embarrassing.
The group number is called Private Eyes.
Every so many years, I do some type of Dick Tracy, private eye, "Charlie's Angels," something-something.
But I wanted to make it a little edgier, so guns.
I need--I need spies.
I need detectives.
Well, I'm sure hoping that they're using just their fingers as guns, because I know those-- I know we're not allowed to use those guns.
-Just like you said, they are not allowed.
-It is written-- I don't think we should allow them to use guns.
-Absolutely.
I think at some point...
-No.
...we just need to put our foot down.
I don't have a problem with the gun or that idea.
I don't think little girl should be dancing around on stage with guns in their hands.
-CHRISTI: I agree with that.
-I think we do have some standards here.
-MELISSA: Yes.
-HOLLY: And they shouldn't be doing that.
-Oh, teach my kid to use guns.
-You're going to blow the competition away.
-Yeah.
Blow the competition and kill.
- If you can't beat 'em, shoot 'em.
That doesn't--yeah.
That doesn't sound like "Charlie's Angels.
1 and 2, and 3, and...
So I'm glad Paige is back in the trio.
-I am, too.
-I know.
JILL: I don't understand why.
I thought for sure she was going to put Kendall back in it.
Paige was at the top of the pyramid this week.
-MELISSA: That's why.
-She should be doing a solo.
Not just a trio, She should be doing a solo.
She's at the top of the pyramid.
Jill's a little upset that the Kendall's not in the trio.
But when Kendall was in the trio and Paige wasn't, Jill couldn't understand why Kelly would be upset about anything.
So, Jill, what's good for the goose is good for the gander.
I'm feeling pretty left out for my child, who has been here since she was three.
And she's never had a trio.
Holly, maybe if you were here more often...
...and Abby thought you were more a part of us in the team, maybe she would get more parts.
I just don't want to pay extra for it.
But, yes, I want my child to feel good.
See where you are?
Now go back.
Jill, it looks like Kendall is getting a special little part in there.
So you ought to be happy about that.
Then pat me on the back.
Maybe I'm doing something right.
Money well spent on those gifts.
JILL: You guys always want to jump down my throat.
You act like I've slashed your tires or something.
I've done nothing wrong.
I'm trying to make things better for myself and my daughter here.
-When the gifts don't work...
-JILL: That's it.
...watch your tires!
Oh, my goodness.
JILL: I see how presents go over well with Abby.
Just a little something.
We're going to put a little bench in front of the dance studio.
We're going to spruce it up a little bit.
I hope Abby appreciates it.
Thank you so much.
-You're very welcome.
-It's beautiful.
You know everyone's going to hate you.
What is that?
Good morning.
-KELLY: "To Abby Lee--" -HOLLY: Oh, good morning.
Oh, my God.
Just a little something -we could all appreciate.
-Oh, for the love of God, Jill.
- -It's not for Abby.
It's for the studio.
A bench dedicated to Abby...
I think I've seen it all now.
Good Lord.
HOLLY: It's, like, a shrine to Abby.
Well, it's actually a shrine to Jill.
I thought Melissa was bad.
And the level of brown nosing that Jill has brought to the table has just raised the ante.
Maybe you'll get to the top of the ass kiss pyramid.
Now, Melissa is going to be running around-- "How can I out brown nose this one.
So all bets are off at the Abby Lee Dance company.
You guys could have been a little more receptive to the bench.
It's not for Abby.
It's not for me.
-It's not for the kids.
-Except it says, -"To Abby Lee, Love, Jill and Kendall.
-JILL: It's for everybody.
-Because you guys pick on me.
-CHRISTI: I think you should-- 'Cause you push me out.
-That's what you want.
-I think because you're a diva, -table for one.
-Oh.
Table for one diva -doesn't give people things...
-Right.
-JILL: ...and do things for others.
-Diva table for one gives-- You would know what that's about.
-I don't.
-CHRISTI: Oh, no.
Because I don't have to buy my way through life, Jill.
Jill thinks that she can just buy Abby off and get Kendall special treatment.
That drives me crazy.
Chloe works hard every day and she never gets special treatment from Abby.
And she deserves it.
Why don't you storm out?
Because we'd like to talk about you now.
- -Oh, whatever you want to say, say right in front of my face.
I think you're a conniving bitch.
-I don't have to sit here-- -You're so immature.
-It doesn't hurt me one bit.
-Oh, my God!
I'm immature?
-JILL: Yes.
-You are the most condescending person I've ever encountered.
-You are.
-Then you don't get out much, -but we know that.
-Huh?
I don't need to-- oh, you better stop right there.
You better stop right there.
ABBY: Back left, plié, and out together.
Boom.
Again.
The competition is three days away, and I'm still making changes to the number.
Brooke and Nia, switch places.
If I see something wrong, I have to change it.
And I'm a little worried.
5, 6, 7, go.
The dance still is not finished.
And I think what it-- what is done is a little hokey.
Don't you feel like you want to turn this way?
Oh, my gosh.
Look, look, look, look, look, look.
-Look at Abby.
-CHRISTI: Ooh.
Is that her sexy, come hither look?
I'm thinking that's her sexy look.
- -If that's her sexy look, explain no further why we're not married.
ABBY: Did she bend her knee?
Ten push-ups.
Figure it up.
Go.
Twenty push-ups.
Your knee was bent.
Are you guys paying attention to this in here?
-MELISSA: She's doing push-ups?
-Why is she doing push-ups?
What happened?
ABBY: Kendall, remember, we only have three days for you not to screw this section up.
Do you understand?
-KELLY: The circle was too high.
-JILL: Soutenu and--yeah.
-WOMAN: Oh.
-CHRISTI: They have circles?
Jill?
KELLY: Ooh!
Good luck, girlfriend.
-CHRISTI: May the force be with you.
- All right.
I'm going to dismiss them.
Kendall, stay in here.
Yeah.
Come here.
I want to see you for a second.
I gave Kendall a special part.
But now, she's getting sloppy with it and she's forgetting what she's doing.
You can't be Mommy, the shoulder to cry on.
You need to be as tough as Abby.
These legs cut to be straight.
Yeah.
I--I agree.
ABBY: You need to get this kid down in her split.
You need to make sure those legs are straight.
And you need to watch her.
Make sure those steps are squared off.
Get that front leg up on the step, and get her butt down there.
We're good.
She'll do it.
You can count on her.
Thank you.
JILL: I need Kendall to nail this turn sequence.
If it takes getting her her own little private on it, then that's what it takes.
And I'm willing to do that.
ABBY: Okay, let's go.
Let me see what we have from the top.
I hope you remember it.
The trio this week entitled Over and Over, is a contemporary piece.
Now, the girls learn this dance months ago.
So this should just be a refresher course for Chloe, Paige, and Maddie.
SINGER: ♪Over and over♪ ♪This I would do...♪ ABBY: Okay, stop.
Paige, look in the mirror where Maddie's hands are.
Why can't you figure that out?
Why can't you look in the mirror and say, "One of us is different"?
ABBY: Paige, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Where is that foot?
In passé, coupé?
You're too old for these little corrections.
Goodness.
I thought that putting Paige on top of the pyramid would build up her self-esteem, that-that would give that kid a shot in the arm that she needed to get her act together.
Big mistake.
I've have had it with you!
What is she saying?
You didn't show up for a whole month to take class!
Your mother sits out there and screams!
You know she won't say it to me because she's a chicken .
She has to say to somebody who's 10.
ABBY: You should have remembered that trio.
Ridiculous.
Hit play.
Make 'em do it again.
KELLY: I've been with Abby since I was two and a half.
She was my dance teacher, so I understand how she's hard on dancers.
But, as a mom, it's hard whenever you're watching your kid down there crying.
Excuse me.
Paige, can you come here, please?
ABBY: She's done.
Done.
Stupid is stupid does, and I can't stand it anymore.
It's ridiculous.
There we go again with Kelly-- bad parenting.
Even a preschool mother knows you don't come downstairs.
You don't open the door.
You let the teacher handle it.
Why do you let her bother you?
I just don't get it.
Just--who cares?
Look at her and be like, "Who cares, Miss Abby?
KELLY: Paige is a sensitive kid.
That's how I want her to be.
And Abby flips out because she's crying.
You know, she's not professional.
Well, no, she's not professional.
She's a 10-year-old little girl at dance class.
Do you not want to do it?
No, I do, but...
KELLY: Okay.
...but she's gonna be mad at me.
Get control of yourself and go ahead in.
And if she says you're done, walk out and I'll walk in.
-It's not worth it.
It's a stupid dance.
- If she tells you to leave, then say, "You know what?
Good.
Give it to somebody else to learn.
You okay?
-Don't you let her win.
-You're bigger than her.
-Not by size...
-Yeah.
...but you're--you're better than her.
CHRISTI: It's your trio.
Don't you let her kick you out of it.
-All right.
Go ahead.
-Go ahead, Paige.
Take a breath.
This is your-- Paige, this is your dance.
PAIGE: I think Abby was being a little bit too hard for our trio rehearsals.
I don't like when she yells at us because it makes us feel really nervous.
And if we do it wrong, we're going to get it.
ABBY: Hollywood Vibe is three days away.
So suck it up and don't leave again, because there's another kid waiting to get in here.
-Go.
5, 6, 7, 8.
-SINGER: ♪Here I am♪ ♪Waiting for you♪ -♪I can see what...♪ -Ding-dong!
Look!
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7-- 8 would be the second, not 8 and a 1, 2.
Whew.
This is a routine they learned three months ago.
They didn't forget it all because they're kids.
They forgot it because they're irresponsible dancers.
They screwed up.
They were supposed to practice it on their own.
That is a waste of my time and their time.
Chloe, don't cry.
Be smarter!
8 means 8, not 9 and 1/2, not 10.
8!
Can't count to 8?
She's not even listening to what I'm saying.
Think about Hollywood Vibe.
Because I can call them right now and try to get our money back if you don't want to go.
Because I'm not going to go there and let what happened to that trio in St.
Louis happen again.
You're going to go into your solo and be fabulous, and you're going to do your solo and be fabulous, and screw the trio and screw the group?
No!
I want everything to look great.
Do you understand?
So you're done.
Go ahead.
Use that door.
Goodbye.
Was I politically correct?
No.
Was I furious?
Yes.
I want them to go home.
-I want them to get some sleep.
-Hmm.
Uh-huh.
ABBY: They're yawning in my face.
They're distracted.
They don't know what-- their right from their left.
They can't count to eight.
They need to go home before somebody gets hurt.
Girls, I don't need the tears!
You're nine, ten and eleven years old.
Exactly!
ABBY: Every kid makes mistakes.
These mothers are enabling their children to make mistakes and not own them.
My daughter was at the top of the pyramid, -and she's leaving the studio crying.
-CHRISTI: I love you.
This is why I say the pyramid.
Ooh, yay.
-Are all the tears over?
-KELLY: School tomorrow.
What are all the tears about?
I don't understand.
-Why you are crying?
-You don't understand?
-No.
-CHRISTI: Because you you're screaming in little kids' faces.
Little kids' faces!
CHRISTI: Yeah, little kids' faces, Abby!
-Grow up!
-You grow up!
MELISSA: Abby's the best.
The girls-- they were just being taught the things that they forgot about the trio.
It was no big deal.
I think the moms need to get a grip.
-You know what, Abby?
-ABBY: I wouldn't yell at her!
You should be so lucky to have Chloe is your student.
Because she's a great dancer, and everybody knows it except for you.
-I made her!
I know it!
-CHRISTI: No, you did not make her!
Were you pregnant for nine months?
I made her!
You know what?
You couldn't have given a about her for so many years when I sat up there and I told her what to do.
Because you are too busy looking at everybody else!
Oh, who else was I looking at?
-Oh, let me guess!
-KELLY: Everybody.
- -Who?
Who else?
CHRISTI: Abby does not put any value on any child in her studio except for Maddie.
And those kids know it.
And it is a shame.
Disrespectful.
CHRISTI: You're like, the definition of disrespectful.
Well, my mother would have came in and beat my butt when I couldn't count to eight!
She would have been mortified!
White trash.
I didn't sign up for this.
ABBY: Let's go.
One more time.
Let's clean up the turns.
Move up stage!
After the big blow up with Abby last night, you know, everyone went home.
They got a good night's rest.
We tried to refocus.
Because talking to Abby is like talking to a brick wall.
I might as well just save my breath.
CHRISTI: Oh, look, there's guns.
At this point, with the guns, I hope we go and we get disqualified, just to piss Abby off.
MADDIE: I know the difference between a fake gun and a real gun.
And I would never touch a real gun.
But since we're using it in a dance, as a prop, I'm fine with it.
Be strong with that gun!
CHLOE: Miss Abby said that for our group dance, "Private Eyes," we were going to use plastic guns.
And then she said we were going to blow the competition away.
And I don't--I-- I really hope she doesn't mean literally.
Because we could get disqualified.
I think common sense tells you when something is not a good idea.
I think the choice of having girls performing with guns is a poor one.
I don't support it.
I think the dance doesn't need it.
I just don't think it's appropriate for girls, or any child, to be playing with guns on stage.
Oh.
That's where they were, the yellow and the pink.
All right.
What's going on, ladies?
Because I got to run.
We've been watching the dance.
And I know you're going to say we're not dance teachers and we're moms.
But I know you want to win this weekend.
The caliber of the piece-- it doesn't seem as high as what you normally put out there for the girls.
I think the guns are also--as moms, it's throwing us off a bit.
It seems a bit aggressive.
I've done children with guns, and it won everything.
It was a piece of brilliant work.
Besides shaking the mothers up a bit, guns are often used in choreography, like the Broadway show Chicago.
I wanted those girls to walk into a Pittsburgh competition, armed and dangerous.
I want to do fast.
I want to do high energy.
I want to do entertainment.
That's what we entered.
That's what we're doing.
Up, ball change, then go to grandé.
Stop.
You're not taking enough room.
You're doing that whole jump right there.
Chloe's dance is Please.
-SINGER: ♪My blue balloon...♪ -Push.
Much better.
When Chloe does a lyrical routine, she second guesses herself.
She needs to step out on that stage like she is in total control.
Ooh, that was pretty.
As I'm watching Chloe rehearse her solo, I really think it has a lot of potential.
It's really different than what she normally does, and there's a lot of opportunity for, like, emotional portrayal or acting in it.
Make that big and complete, and it's moving.
Turn, turn.
That looks better.
Yeah.
I like that dance.
It's pretty.
Hey, Maddie, are you ready?
Maddie's solo is a contemporary piece called Every Little Step.
It's extremely mature in the choreography.
SINGER: ♪Moment without you...♪ Shoulders--posture there.
It's elegant as well as entertaining.
Up, up, down, down, big jump!
SINGER: ♪I never will forget♪ MELISSA: I was watching Maddie work on her solo and I thought it was really beautiful.
Maddie just has to work hard, like she normally does, and, you know, just try to keep it together and to get back on top of the pyramid.
Your jump is going, like, boom, boom, instead of...
Every kid needs to win and every kid needs to lose.
Maddie needs to be on the bottom so she can work harder to get to the top.
I do not want you on the bottom of the pyramid.
-Do you understand?
-Yes.
I want you stepping it up, every little step.
-You got that?
-Yes.
All right.
Top of the pyramid.
As long as she goes out there and does what she's been taught to do, she'll be right on top.
ABBY: Understand the music is called "Over and Over," so there's a lot of repeats in it.
That's why it's good for a trio.
Kendall, the music is just as important.
Don't daydream over there.
When I look at you and go, stop, you need to hit it.
-Okay.
-JILL: Here's poor little Kendall, who needs practice and needs to work.
She's doing their music.
Yeah.
That's unfortunate.
I'm so upset that Kendall is spending all her precious dance time, which she does not get much of, sitting on the floor, running the music for three dancers.
This is ridiculous.
ABBY: Okay.
Let's go from the top and see what we have.
I can't believe it!
What the heck did Kendall do or I do that she has to sit there now and do--and do the music?
-CHRISTI: Uh, threw a shoe?
-JILL: She could be in another room.
-Pardon me?
-Threw a shoe.
Are you kidding me?
CHRISTI: Well, but you're saying what did I do or what did my daughter do.
Well, you threw a shoe and your daughter still wasn't at the bottom of the pyramid.
I'm pretty sure if I had thrown that shoe at Abby, my daughter wouldn't have even been on the pyramid.
She would have been on the floor and Abby would have been, like, snuffing out like a cigarette.
Go away, Chloe, go away.
Catch this leg and hold it.
Three...
JILL: Their time is precious.
They have very little time to waste it.
Sitting around pushing a button for music is really a shame.
SINGER: ♪ I'm the one you can run to ♪ Kendall!
Come on!
Are you learning something by being in here?
Yes?
Because this is how a trio works.
Do you see what they're doing?
Play it right there.
The problem is, is that if you interrupt this class she's going to be livid.
JILL: My objective is to get my child out of there...
HOLLY: Mm-hmm.
...and do something productive, -whether it's dance...
-Mm-hmm.
...which is what I pay Abby for, or her homework.
I just--I think that's going to-- I think that's gonna backfire.
JILL: I can't believe I'm a nervous wreck to talk to my dance teacher.
I should not have these feelings.
I should be able to go down and have a conversation with her without all kinds of drama.
But I know it's not going to happen.
ABBY: All right.
Play it right there.
JILL: I was thinking maybe Kendall could be more productive doing her homework.
ABBY: She's the swing for this number.
It's been an hour, Abby, that she's been sitting on the floor.
ABBY: She's helping me.
JILL: Abby, I want her to dance.
I don't pay tuition for her to be out here sitting on the floor.
I want you to teach her to dance.
All those things you said to me yesterday, she needs to work on her stretch, her this, her turns, why are you not teaching her?
Why aren't you helping her with this?
Well, because I'm choreographing a trio, Jill.
Okay.
So how much longer do you think this trio is going to take?
Because it's been over an hour now.
CHRISTI: Is she yelling?
Jill's yelling?
She took her 900 voice off for Abby now.
She flushed that down the toilet, that voice.
She doesn't do it anymore.
Yes, she does.
She still says...
"Guys...
We come to dance to dance.
-And sitting there is not dance.
-Go.
ABBY: Jill needs to watch out, I'll tell you why.
That kid of hers, Kendall, is adorable.
I don't want to see anything bad happen to her because her mother's not playing by my rules.
I'm not putting up with that crap anymore.
ABBY: It's always important for Abby Lee Miller's students to perform well at a competition.
Now, remember, the competition starts right now.
There could be a judge right around this corner.
But it's in our own backyard.
Everybody in Pittsburgh is out to get us.
Don't rush your music.
Don't anticipate it.
I'm really worried about Chloe's competition.
That intermediate age group is a tough category to be in.
I want to see your face.
Don't clink down too fast.
Got it?
Maddie, every step you take, make sure that ankle is pressed forward.
Get those knees together at the end of the floor.
Squeeze those feet.
Watch those fingers, that right hand.
CHRISTI: I really hope for this week that the girls pull this off.
Because nobody wants to incur the wrath of Abby again.
You can do it.
Doesn't matter how old the kids are.
Understood?
Yes?
Just give your best performance.
CHLOE: I'm really excited for my solo this week, and it's lyrical contemporary.
And I think it's going to be a good solo for me.
ANNOUNCER: Next up, ladies and gentlemen, this is an Intermediate Lyrical Solo, "Please.
SINGER: ♪ My blue balloon ♪ ♪ Just flies ahead of me ♪ ♪ I tried to take it down ♪ ♪ But it just moves away ♪ ♪ Please, you're falling this girl to her knees ♪ ♪ Please...
♪ CHRISTI: I thought her solo was probably her best solo that she's done to date.
I thought it was amazing.
SINGER: ♪ You're falling this girl to her knees ♪ ♪ Please ♪ - -ANNOUNCER: "Please".
That is act number 18, an Immediate Lyrical Solo.
ABBY: Chloe did an amazing job on her solo.
Her emotional execution was the best I have ever seen it.
MADDIE: Last week, when we were in Texas, I did a front aerial in my solo and I fell in my hip.
And this week I'm scared I'm going to do it again, and I hope that I won't mess up.
ANNOUNCER: Next up is act number 23, "Every Little Step.
SINGER: ♪ To hold you, to touch you to look in your eyes ♪ ♪ To hear you, to feel your heartbeat ♪ ♪ To feed you, to heal you to hurt when you cry ♪ MELISSA: When I see Maddie on stage, all the blood, sweat, and tears, it's all worth it.
SINGER: ♪Every little step every little crawl ♪ ♪ I never will forget even if it's small ♪ ♪ And I don't want this fantasy no more made ♪ ♪ Without you ♪ She hit everything she needed to.
I think Maddie was amazing.
CHRISTI: You did fabulous.
Woo-hoo!
Best emotional execution you've had doing a solo.
Thank you.
ABBY: Yes.
You changed with the music.
You changed your face.
You looked at the judges.
I have been on our back about watching those judges, and she certainly did that.
That is a big jump for that kid.
Your quality of your dancing was very mature.
You were great.
I think I can see myself moving up the pyramid a little bit.
ABBY: The trio is the hardest thing to space.
Be conscious of each other on stage.
Yes?
PAIGE: I'm a little bit nervous for performing at Hollywood Vibe, because they're really good there.
But we have some of the same judges we did last time.
So, hopefully, they remember us.
ANNOUNCER: Next up, ladies and gentlemen, coming to our stage is act number 34, "Over and Over.
The spacing is off.
MELISSA: I look up and the spacing is off.
And I'm like, oh, jeez.
Abby's going to freak out on the girls.
SINGER: ♪ Over and over know this is true ♪ ABBY: I don't know what those girls were doing.
They got out there and blew it.
What was I expecting?
They couldn't even remember the choreography in class.
How could they get out there and do it perfectly on stage?
Frankly, I was afraid to even watch the trio.
SINGER: ♪ Over and over for you ♪ ♪ Over for you ♪ ANNOUNCER: "Over and Over.
ANNOUNCER: Third place, number 21, "Armed.
ANNOUNCER: Second place winner, number 18, "Please.
ANNOUNCER: Great job.
Solo Division-- first place trophy overall goes to act number 23, "Every Little Step.
MELISSA: Maddie deserved this win at Hollywood Vibe.
She's been working very hard on her solo.
She was at the bottom of the pyramid, and she worked her butt off.
So she is where she belongs.
ANNOUNCER: Junior Overall High Score Duo/Trio, second place winner Intermediate Duo/Trio is "Over and Over.
ABBY: A trio coming in second place means they lost.
Remember, second place is the first loser on stage.
CHRISTI: Because I think that the color was pretty.
-Hey, hey.
-Hello.
What did you think?
Maddie, you were great.
Paige, were you late at the beginning?
No.
ABBY: No?
There was a big gap there.
You were a little late on those coupé turns.
I wasn't happy with how you did.
KELLY: Abby will never take responsibility.
It's always somebody else's fault.
Either it's the girl's fault or it's the mom's fault.
It's anybody's fault but Abby's.
You at least got to give some positive to those kids.
I just don't like enabling kids to keep...
Abby, I support that.
But I think you can prepare kids to take ownership of mistakes without belittling them.
Kids should-- But that's not Abby Lee Miller.
Kids should--I know, but Abby-- That's not my way.
That's not my nature.
-HOLLY: They should own their mistakes.
-ABBY: I don't sugar coat it.
I have the success rate I have -with producing professional dancers...
-HOLLY: Absolutely.
...because of the delivery.
Everyone forgets that I've been doing this for 31 years.
There's a whole lot that goes into training a child.
These moms need to understand this is not a dance camp.
It's not fun for everyone.
KELLY: Isn't there something, like, to having hope?
Like, if you have hopes and dreams, you work towards them.
If you keep crushing them down just because your kid isn't the best turner and this kid is-- if you keep crushing this one down, they're never going to become good.
If that kid loved to dance, she'd have remembered that trio.
Whatever.
ABBY: These mothers pass the buck onto somebody else for their children's mistakes.
So, you know what?
Own it.
I had a bad day.
My kid screwed up.
CHRISTI: You made my daughter cry, and you're-- She didn't remember the number!
-Abby!
How many dances-- -KELLY: Maybe 'cause you didn't run it!
--does that kid remember every week and go out there and deliver 'em?
ABBY: I don't know!
But you know the one I remember?
The one where she forgot her dance on stage at nationals and ran around to music.
That's the one I remember.
Of course it is, because you are Negative Nellie, glass half full.
KELLY: I saw Jill, at the competition, talking to people from her old studio.
Jill, have you seen some of your old studio friends?
Just a few.
Yeah.
Keeping your tabs on that old studio.
Absolutely.
Why?
Are you guys not allowed to, like...
-No.
JILL: ...fraternize with the enemy?
CHRISTI: No, absolutely not.
That's crazy.
Why?
She wants to discourage studio hopping.
I am not surprised at all that she has been in contact with her old studios.
That's what Jill does.
She always looks for where the grass is greener, and that's where she goes out to pasture.
You know what?
Always got to keep your options open.
Is--is that the reason why you were out there chit-chatting with all your old friends, -'cause of the way this one's going?
-It's actually -none of your business, but yes, I'm-- -Well, it's my business, because-- Who I talk to is your business?
-I don't think so.
-Oh, no, no.
It's my business if you're only here to gather information and go back to your old studio.
That's my business because it affects my daughter.
You guys sit here and you complain and you complain and you bitch at Abby, but you never move.
Pick up and move!
Maybe you will find something else.
You really, really, really like to change studios.
So maybe you ought to change back and go back to Studio 19, if it was so great.
You know what?
Maybe it is.
Kelly and Christi are stinking up the place.
All this bitching is flying around, and I really need to get out of here.
-CHRISTI: Don't let the door hit ya!
-I can't take you guys anymore.
I can't take this.
CHRISTI: What a surprise.
Jill stormed out of a room, once again.
ABBY: I want you to come armed and dangerous.
I want you to walk out there like you're somebody.
I want you to kill it.
What are we doing about the clip?
I don't have a--I think your clip.
NIA: It broke.
I think Nia's is broken.
What did you think you were going to wear in your hair?
I didn't know that you were asking for a clip.
When has Abby Lee Miller ever put a number on stage without some type of headpiece?
I was having a good old time shooting up the moms in the dressing room.
That was like, a fantasy.
Whose gun?
Brooke, do you have a gun?
Ladies you have all those hours you sit upstairs in that mezzanine.
Make a list of what your kid needs.
And if you don't have a check mark next to it, come and ask me or send the kid in.
Abby is having a ball with the guns.
I think the guns are really for Abby, more so than the girls.
ABBY: Let's do it.
We're in Pittsburgh.
Come on!
ANNOUNCER: Next to the stage, ladies and gentlemen here at Hollywood Vibe, please welcome "Private Eyes.
HOLLY: I thought the group looked fantastic on stage.
They had incredible energy.
I wish I could say I was horrified by the guns, but they were better than I thought.
- -ANNOUNCER: "Private Eyes!
ABBY: I was beaming.
I thought they looked gorgeous on stage.
Finally, they had a group number that was dancing like one person, instead of six different soloists out there.
ANNOUNCER: Third place goes to act number 21, "Arms.
ANNOUNCER: Second place trophy goes to...
act number 19A, "What Do I Want to Do?
ANNOUNCER: First place winner is act number 3, "Private Eyes.
ANNOUNCER: Congratulations.
I was very confident that the girls would win first place in the Jazz category.
There were lots of other great numbers there.
But they were so clean and so professional, they had it in the bag.
ANNOUNCER: Uh-oh-- Overall High Scoring Group.
My hopes are that this group number wins first overall.
And it's time for these girls to bring home a win.
CHLOE: I think the group number's do-- going to do pretty good.
I mean, we've got guns.
What else could go wrong?
ANNOUNCER: $200 going out to act number 22, "War.
ABBY: The group dance did not win the overall.
I thought for sure, with the level of difficulty, that they were going to win that.
And they didn't.
Hey, hey.
Hi.
Did you see that gold on that stage?
It just-- -JILL: Gorgeous.
-It popped.
I didn't think it had it all together at the beginning of the week.
-And seeing it on stage...
-Oh, they were fabulous.
...I have to admit I was wrong.
ABBY: They looked like they were in a show.
It was great.
-It was really good.
Don't your stomachs get full eating crow week after week after week?
JILL: I thought the number looked great on stage.
But maybe if you did more turn-- more group turns made it so dynamic.
I just think that this group of kids were not all used to their fullest potential.
Maybe Maddie was.
I know for a fact Kendall wasn't used to her fullest potential.
ABBY: Jill is certainly not learning from her mistakes.
She comes at me in a combative way, rips on my choreography.
Jill, butt out, follow the rules, and let me work with Kendall.
JILL: You were all excited to give her a special part, and there was no special part.
She did what everybody else did, and less than some.
I think Jill's idea of a special part is everybody else stands on stage and poses, then Kendall dances in the middle.
ABBY: Jill, Kendall is a beautiful girl.
She picks up very quick.
Does she need technique?
Yes.
Do all of them?
Yes.
That's a growing process.
It takes years to develop.
And I don't think you should run your studio like that.
I produce employable, working dancers, not competition kids.
You need to keep your eye on the ball in the big picture.
What is my big picture?
Every weekend, do I have to look forward to coming, dancing behind Maddie and Chloe, and never being put in a trio, never doing the solo?
I get nothing, Abby!
You're telling me look at the big picture.
And I am, and I don't like it!
ABBY: I don't know.
I don't know what is wrong with her.
It's going to all shake out in the wash for Kendall, but I don't know if she's going to make it that long.
Because the mother is out to destroy her.
Give her a solo, Abby!
Let her do a trio!
Give her something!
ABBY: Don't worry.
I have something perfect in mind for you.
