ABBY LEE: Previously on Dance Moms... Unfortunately, Baby is really sick. She passed away. ABBY LEE: She kept me sane. She made everything okay. - Maybe dedicate the dance to her? - The girls would love that. Screwing with my choreography is very offensive. You had to expect that I would be here. This is my hometown. ANNOUNCER: Maddie's performance was dedicated to Broadway Baby. - Kendall sucks! - Shut up! - You shut up! - Stop! Stop! Oh my god, Kelly, I need you. Give me a hug. ABBY LEE: Coming up on Dance Moms... It's speed dating. How you doing? Do you own your own tuxedo? I need somebody to rub my feet. The duet will be Kendall and Nia. - Where's Jill? - Having a private with Kendall. I'm here to have my child dance. I don't feel like we're being a team. Jill will do anything to move Kendall up that spot. ABBY LEE: Do you want the mothers to not be upset with you or do you want your kid to get better? ♪ Get up, get on the floor ♪ ♪ My world is with my girls ♪ ♪ Livin' on the dance floor. ♪ ♪ ♪ Come on, girls, let's go! Come on, move it, move it, move it. Get in here. Well, congratulations. You won. Was it your best performance? Mm... no. ♪ See a million colors and you feel brand-new ♪ ♪ It's a beautiful day ♪ ♪ It's a beautiful day... ♪ Didn't we win by seven points? I'm not going to deny the fact that you won. That's great. But I don't think it was your best performance. The routine had mistakes. Chloe, why would you go out on stage and not do the correct choreography? ♪ Look up at the sun 'cause it's shining for you... ♪ Everybody else did the choreography I gave them. That's beginning to be a pattern with you, isn't it, Chloe? You're lucky you're even back in this dance studio. I give Chloe a lot of credit for what she's putting up with from Abby. I mean, Abby is being really hard on her, and she's taking it like a champ. I guess she really wants to be back on this pyramid. On the bottom... Paige. You were good. I'm waiting for you to be great. Did you really use your face and get into every single one of those judges' hearts? No. You need to work on that. And next... Kendall. You didn't stick out to me. In your improv, it should have been, like, "Ooh, wow, look at that. Who's that?" I didn't do that. Abby's heart was not in that group number. It wasn't a group number. She threw it together, the kids went out, and they improv'd. How can you watch a child and critique a child, when really, there was no choreography given? I understand someone has to be on that bottom row, but I didn't think it should have been Kendall. Next is Brooke. Brooke, you are 14 years old. When are we going to see you stand out as the leader, as the foreman on the job? As the role model? Next... Nia. You're third on the pyramid. You were third overall high score. Nia is third on the pyramid this week, and I'm ecstatic. I'm really proud of my little girl. She is moving up there. And... Mackenzie. Overall high score of the mini division. You did a great job. You went out there, and you won. And on top of the pyramid, going three for three, once again... is Maddie. Maddie, not only did you win the high score solo in your age division, but you were also the highest-scoring solo in the entire competition. Now, Chloe, did you notice that you're not on the pyramid? You're not in it. You're lucky to be here as it is. You can't go out on stage and do what you want. CHRISTI: Abby is being so hard on Chloe, and I know that this is what she does to dancers-- she did it to Brooke and Kendall-- but as a mom, it's really hard for me to watch Chloe go through this. But I know it's what she wants, and I know that she has to go through it to get back on the pyramid. And therefore, I'm going to be there for Chloe. This weekend, we will be traveling to Bernardsville, New Jersey. So, you're going to get kids with amazing technique and killer costumes. They're going to be strong competitors. Everyone will be in the group dance, except Mackenzie. The music is entitled "Your Dream Is My Dream." And it's big, and it's grand, and it's a beautiful piece of music. I'm going to be using a boy in the group. Mackenzie, you're not in the group dance. That means you're getting a solo. The name of your routine is "Love Is War." Maddie, you're three for three. I want to see if you can win again. Your solo is entitled "Lifeline." I have one more routine to give out this week. Hopefully, we're going to have time to do a duet. And the duet will be Kendall and Nia. It's contemporary, but it's cool. And the name of it is "Dig It." HOLLY: I hope this duet works out, because the last time Nia had a duet, things did not go so well. You are a monstrosity of evil. You're done. You're done. No duet. - Yes, you are. - I'll show you evil. All right, you guys are dismissed. Thank you very much. Ladies, spread apart. In the back. - Can I have my guest boy, please? - Oh, my gosh. - Hello. How are you? - Hi. - It's good to see you. - Nick! - Oh, it's Nick! Yay! Yay. We like Nick. ♪ You can cry, and I want to save you tonight... ♪ Ooh! There's a hug. Hubba, hubba. So, do you know that you're the male lead in this? - Yeah. - Do you know who the female lead is? - No. Brooke? - Who do you want it to be? - NICK: Is it Brooke? - It's Brooke. So, if she doesn't bring it, - I'm picking somebody else. - All right. This week's routine is called "Your Dream Will Be My Dream." ♪ ♪ It is musical theater in nature, but it's big, and it's grandiose, and it's beautiful. So, you guys are doing... da-da-da, da-da-da, da. You're walking. Now, Maddie, pretend-- You're the one with the emotional face. So, what I want you to do is pretend that this is your mother, and she's dying. And you're walking, you're... And he's carrying her, she's so sick. Now, he is secretly in love with Brooke, and Brooke is dying. And in her final moment, she asks this young man to take care of her daughter. So, now we have a love story-- father and daughter, and we have the daughter loving her mother, and then we have everybody else on stage in love with this guy. So, there's a whole lot going on in two minutes, but I think I can do it. Oh, Brooke, you're on the inside of Maddie! ♪ ...for until the day we both awaken ♪ - Inside, Brooke! - ♪ Your dream... ♪ You know what's kind of sweet? Like, everybody remembers their first love. - Like, even... - Really? - Ugh! - Even if it ended up poorly, - everyone remembers... - Mine was not a good memory. And your other loved is dead. - Yes. - And he... Now I have Randy. - But guess what? He loved you. - Lucky me. CHRISTI: Okay, even if it didn't end great, like, if they're in jail or dead, Kelly... ...but none of these girls have experienced that. - And, at some day, they will. - HOLLY: Oh, my gosh. And that's kind of fun to go through that. Turn, turn, turn, turn, turn, turn, turn. Can you... can you almost break and, like, rond de jambe that around, and then start your turn here? Who's Abby's first love? I don't think anybody has loved Abby back. Well, maybe that's what she needs. - Oh. - Oh, yeah! - JILL: She needs more than that. - That's what I said. I would love to do speed dating for her. Have her sit and have a line of men. Is there a curtain? KELLY: I-I'm telling you one thing. You should tell her not to wear her Shamu outfit. I want to do speed dating, but I want to be able to see... - I want, like, six foot, four... - You're married. built... I know, but I want to do it all again. ABBY LEE: Ladies! Ooh! Sorry. I'm-I'm trying to teach. You're being very distracting. I know there's something going on with the moms upstairs, because they're all laughing and getting along. You know that means they're up to no good. Here: "See photos of singles near you." Okay. You got in? Okay, I'm in. I'm in, I'm in! - MELISSA: Okay. - JILL: Oh, let's look at the men. Oh, this guy looks good. CHRISTI: Well, she can't exactly date a lightweight. She would never be able to be on top. That's all the time we have for today. Remember, it's a love story. I need to see that connection. And I need to see everybody else being very, you know, grandiose, and-and big and watching this epic love story. Like, "Oh, my goodness, I wish he was my man." All right. Bye. Look, they're... look. - - - Oh, no, she did not. - Uh-oh. She really needs to go on a date. If helping Abby find a man and find true love makes Abby happy and makes me look like a rock star, it can only benefit Kendall's dance career. Abby, that was so cute. And I wanted to know if you would go out to dinner with me tomorrow night? Are you hooking me up with a guy? GIANNA: Five and six, seven, eight. One, two. GIANNA: You guys are late. Where's Chloe? Her mother isn't here either. - Oh, crap. - That's not good. Christi and Chloe are running late, and this is certainly not the week for this to happen. Like, she should've been here a half an hour early. Not a half an hour late. I hope Christi's not here, like, on purpose. I hope she's just running late. I guess it's probably difficult for Chloe... not getting the attention, not getting the solo, not getting a duet. - It happens to all of us. - All of us. - I hope. - I told her, I said, you know what, last season-- actually, the last two seasons-- Nia was lucky to be in group dance. She just was, like, saying to me, like, "I just don't know what I'm gonna to do, Abby's so mean to Chloe." And I'm sitting there, thinking to myself, "Hello, do we not see how she treats Paige?" - - HOLLY: Exactly. Like, I'm in the same boat you are. There's nothing Christi can do. Keep that circle big! Big! - Hello. - MOMS: Hi. - Oh, you're fancy. - Yeah, I'm super fancy. Hello. - How cute! - I was texting you galore. CHRISTI: There was so much traffic, I couldn't avoid being late. I really just hope Abby doesn't blame Chloe, you know, for the pile-up on Route 130. So, what did I miss? - Melissa-- the limo. - For what? - For Abby's... - Abby. We're going out to dinner tonight. Where are we going? Speed dating event. At Atria's. MELISSA: Cool! Let's just hope and pray that there's some speed daters that are gonna, like, take the bait. Well, I just feel sorry for the man who ends up with her. Go ahead... to one knee... okay. Then you went up and shot your leg out and hit the floor, boom. Now, pull it in, roll over and start the pee wees. One, two, three... Straight knees, straight knees. You need to do four. Four. Four. This week, my solo is called "Love Is War," and it's about a couple, and they get on each other's nerves and fight a lot. You have to walk in here tomorrow and do this dance with the music and have the timing right. Yes? Remember, love is war. And I mean war, baby. Go. Get the group in here. Hi, Abb. - Hey. - We have a surprise. Come. Come on. Today is the day we're gonna go have our dinner date. - And we're not taking any excuses. - Really special. - You're coming. - O-Okay. I-I just have a lot to do, as you know. The sooner we go... Oh, we can go right now? - We go right now. - Oh, I thought you meant later tonight. HOLLY: No, we're gonna go and come right back. - I'll go now, I'm good. - We'll go and come right back. - It'll be fun. - I'm not paying. All right, you ready? I need someone to hang with. Let's go. KELLY: We'll pretend Abby's not there. - Well, I should go just to spite her. - Go, Mom. Where are we going, and why do we need a limo? ABBY LEE: That's a little obnoxious. - Oh, just our girls' night out. - Come on, you can bring the book. Hurry up, they're gonna leave without us. Go, go... go-go quickly. - My car is a limo. - HOLLY: Want me to scoot all the way in? - Absolutely. - I'm not standing in the rain. JILL: That's fine. - ABBY LEE: Hey, Jill? - What? - Jill. Come here. - Uh, hang on. - You told me that Christi's not coming. - Kelly snuck her in. - Then I'm not going. - Just come with us. - No. No. - Okay, then she'll... - Okay. - Uh-uh. Nope. I'd rather have you than Christi, so... You invited me the other night. You never said a word about the mothers. Well, then Melissa got jealous. - I have a whole studio that I'm running. - Wait, listen. Melissa got jealous and rented the limo, so I had to invite them all. Okay, give me one minute. I'm gonna tell Christi she's got to go, and then we'll get you in. - KELLY: Hi, I'm calling about... - Christi, you got to stay home. - Seriously? - I'm sorry. Seriously. - JILL: Because Abby won't come. - That's fine. You guys have fun. - We won't be long. - HOLLY: I'm sorry. - Oh, I don't care. - JILL: An hour. No, 'cause everybody's going to take one look at her and run. Okay, problem solved. Let's go. - Let's go. - Yep. Let's go. I don't know what's up with Jill, or where the other moms want to take me, but I'm confident. Gianna's in rehearsal, she can handle it. GIANNA: Down, up, chainé, chainé, up. CHRISTI: I can't believe that Jill kicked me out of the limo. And I can't believe that none of the other moms stuck up for me. I mean, not that I really want to go hang out with Abby, but it's the principle. As moms, what are we teaching our kids? You know, "Oh, it's okay to stab someone in the back as long as you get ahead, Jill." JILL: All right, come on, guys, we're going to have some fun. - - Always so sweet about it, though. - Huh? - Oh, my gosh, this is, like, epic. To friends. - To winning this weekend. - To Bernardsville. - - ALL: Cheers. ABBY LEE: Oh, that's so sweet. So, it's nice, Abby, to have, like, a love kind of theme this week. - Love is war. - Oh. Sometimes when you're in love with somebody, you still fight, and you still argue. So, Abby, what is your type of man that you like? Maybe kind of like, uh, a young George Clooney with perfect teeth. - Do you like guys like... - That's, like, a must for me. I think that I like people that are worldly. Like, people that speak five languages fluently. People that like to live, that like to eat, enjoys dessert. Wants to order everything on the menu, just to try it. - You can't be pigeon-toed. - Forget it. So, are you just seeing one man right now? - Yes. - ♪ Whoo ♪ ♪ Give me, give me, something hot... ♪ - JILL: We have a surprise for you. - Oh, I'm sure you do. KELLY: I don't know that I was so for this. ABBY LEE: Oh, really? - Oh, this is pretty. - This looks nice. - Okay. - Hi. - Hi, how are you? - Hi, Abby, I'm Casey. This is our contestant. It's speed dating. - - It's speed dating! I saw something there. I was cracking up. You are actually gonna be number one-- - Abby Lee. - Good. Oh, thank God she's not number two, 'cause number two is always the first to lose. I had no idea this was gonna be speed dating. I think this is hysterical, and I'm ready to meet some new guys. You have a badge number, he has a badge number. So, you're gonna write down his first name, and then you're gonna circle a "let's talk" - or a "no, thank you." - Okay. - You both have to agree to get a match. - Okay. Okay, so we're gonna start our first date. So, let's just go over a few things, Chris. - All right, Abby. - I have some questions for you. I have some answers. - Do you own your own tuxedo? - Yes, I do. - Okay. - As a matter of fact, I do. - All right. And I can tie a bow tie. - Ooh, that's like a bonus point. - Actual bow tie. And I'm, like, nervous for her. No, I'm nervous for him, right? I said that wrong. How many times... have you been to Disney World? I like all kinds of guys. And I have a whole list of things that I require. - Hi, how are you? - MAN: Good, and how are you? - Nice to meet you. - I'm Karl. ABBY LEE: Okay. Ladies? Karl... - MELISSA: Hi, Karl. - ...has gum. But it must mean he has fresh breath. My mom used to teach dance. She used to own her own dance studio. So you grew up around a dance studio? I like him. I like that he's dressed nice. HOLLY: I do, too. That he took time and thought into his appearance. - - Oh, time's up, time's up. Saved by the bell. I didn't even get my tough questions. Okay, it was great meeting you. Thank you. - KELLY: Abby... - Thank you. Watch and see if he's pigeon-toed when he walks away. This would be great if Abby finds love, because it would make me the hero, and it would make all of our lives a whole lot easier. Don't fall in love with anyone else. Well, hey, you know...? You're only as good as your last performance. - How you doing? - I'm Darryl. - Nice to meet you. - DARRYL: Me, too. - I've never dated a man of color. - Oh, for real? - No. Well, you know what they say, don't you? - So, so, what is the question? - I could... I could... I could... Oh! - DARRYL: What is the question? - Were you a jock in high school? - I was a jock, yeah. I... - Please tell me you played football. I played football, I played basketball, I played baseball. - I ran track. - Ah, well... Um... I'm a 50-yard-line kind of girl. - Oh, are you? - Yes, I am. Cool. Were you a cheerleader? - No. - You weren't? I just mean, I did it on the 50-yard line. Speed dating was fabulous. It was like I was auditioning men for a date. I got to sit back on the casting couch and just say, "next... next..." Jill, I think this was a gift that's going to keep on giving. So, here's what we're going to do. I want to start with the duet today. Can we just mark through it once? Five, six, seven, eight, one, two... Your foot needs to point when it pulls off the floor-- point it. Nia and Kendall are in the studio learning their duet, "Dig It." And the choreography is difficult. They both move a little too slow for my liking. Now, Jill-- she wants Kendall to be a superstar. Jill, pay attention, because nobody's going to be digging this routine. We have today. This is it, girls. It's now or never. We're going to get on that bus and go to Bernardsville, New Jersey today. It's a duet. You have to dance together as one. Do it again. One, two, turn, turn, hit. Face, Nia, face. Practice the facial expressions. Fix your hat. Nia, you missed the turns again. You were late. You need to work on it. Send Maddie in, please. Leg up, up, up. You need to work on your forced arch relevé. Get out of that corner; keep your legs together. Squeeze them. Like that step. You need to fly through the air. Go... Yes... Okay. CHRISTI: So, how was Abby in there with Nia? She's not just picking on Nia, right? - I think she is just picking on Nia. - It's rotten. This week, Nia and Kendall have a duet, and all I can think is, you know, "Look out, Holly, 'cause Jill's coming." She wants Kendall to shine and be special in the duet. Here, I'm going to... I need to go down and check... - Hey, G. - Hi. - Hey, do you have some time right now? - Yeah. - Are you busy? - No. - To maybe work with Kendall? - I'm on break right now. Oh. - Just in Studio B? - Yeah, like-like kind of private... I want to work on the duet with her. - Yeah, you'd do that for me? - For sure. - Okay. - Yeah. This private that Kendall is having with Gia is about Kendall's personal growth. Really, if Kendall can get a little extra help to be the best she can be, I'll-I'll take it. Oh, look, there's Jill. I found her. What's she doing? - Uh, having a private with Kendall. - For what? To make sure that she's the superstar of the duet. - Oh, you're kidding me. - Now, why wouldn't Nia be in there? - Isn't this... isn't a duet two people? - Two people? HOLLY: Jill approaches life as a competition, and she sees Chloe being on the outs with Abby as being an advantage for Kendall. - Come on, Holly. I'll go with... - HOLLY: Okay, okay. - Come over here for a second. - Hey, what's going on? I have to say, I was a little surprised to see that Kendall was in a private. I don't know if it's considered a private, but I came out and asked Gia. Said, "Is there anything she needs to work on individually?" - Why? - Why? Because it's a duet... Or is this just an opportunity, to, like, get Kendall up that pyramid? It is a way for her to stand out more than Nia. You know, I have to do what's best for Kendall and me. Jill is the definition of a stage mom. You know, instead of putting Kendall's photo on that pyramid, I think Jill would be better off with her headshot. All right, I want to give these costumes out to everybody. - Kendall. - Thank you. Maddie, Paige. - We do this with her? - Maybe. Now, to set this routine up, the peasant girl has befriended you, and you promised to take care of her daughter on her dying day. So, girls, this is a very romantic, epic love story. I don't know-- think of me and my last date. Oh, my. I was in LA, and we get very teary, 'cause we're 3,000 miles apart. And he doesn't want to come here. NICK: Why not? PAIGE: I don't blame him. Well, she's got a guy in LA, you know, but he's, you know... He's gay. I don't think she thinks he is. I'm not pretty sure. I'm positive. Um... But why would you be excited to be engaged to a gay man? It could be a friendship one. - Or a beard. - JILL: Hmm... So, last night, your mothers claimed that they were taking me out to dinner. They took me to a speed dating program. You sit down, and you talk to somebody for five minutes, and then they ring a bell, and then you switch people. And you switch people, and you switch people. I wonder if she called any of the men. She was probably on the phone with them all night. Now she went from speed dating to phone sex. And let's take the dance from the top. Okay, let's go. It's all about the skirts, not about learning the number. We're doing a love theme. It should be beautiful and poetic and fluid. CHRISTI: Like, that's your dream when you're young-- the white dress. And after you get married, you always dream of the black one. The perfect black dress. No, no, I'm talking about the funeral. - Oh. - Oh! You think I'm a widow. We're going to New Jersey. You know what happens to us in New Jersey. It's not good. - Goodbye. - ALL: Thank you. ABBY LEE: Come on, guys. Let's move it, move it, move it. - Hi. How are you? - How are you? Good, good, good. It's good to see you again. Good seeing you. ABBY LEE: I'm a little nervous to be back in New Jersey. These are tough competitors. There's great dance studios here. And like I said before, location, location, location. Alright, girls, listen to me. This is New Jersey, and every time we come to New Jersey, bad things happen. That's true. What bad things have happened in New Jersey? Uh, let's see. Abby had her breakdown and fled the scene when we lost to Candy Apple's. ABBY LEE: Your kids are fine without me. I mean, our track record in New Jersey is just not good. Aw, honey... you're getting sick. Is it in your chest? HOLLY: There's no denying that Nia's sick. However, I don't want to make a big deal about it, because I don't want her to pull another duet. ABBY LEE: Hey, Maddie, come here. Do you know the duet? 'Cause Nia is really sick. Try to get Kendall to go over it with you. - Okay. ABBY LEE: Jill, actually I want to talk to you about something, so come here. I wanted to, um, ask you something, too. What are we gonna do with that woman? HOLLY: Nia, when Jill comes back, she's gonna try to do your hard hat. Careful there's no poison darts in it, huh? Nia is really sick. She has bronchitis, I'm sure of it. Maddie knows the duet. But I couldn't do that to Nia. I'd rather do it as a solo. Just letting you know. Nothing. Abby's worried about Nia's cough. MELISSA: Well, why didn't she talk in here about it? Yeah, are you her pediatrician? No. HOLLY: It is totally inappropriate for Abby to discuss my child, especially my child's health, with another parent. Listen, if you don't feel good and you don't feel like you want to do it, we'll do it another time. You just tell me, we'll tell Abby-- not me-- tell Miss Abby, and we'll do it another time, right? Okay... Okay, good. Good. HOLLY: I know Nia's not feeling well, but I also know that if she's gonna go on stage, she cannot use her illness as a cop-out or a reason why she didn't do well. Alright, girls, let's go. Come on, Mackenzie, you're first up. You'll always be cute, 'cause you're my baby. Dance wars! All right, march. ♪ ♪ ANNOUNCER: All right, we're gonna skip ahead just a little bit in your program to entry number 12. This is in the mini solo division. This is Mackenzie with "Love Is War"! ♪ You say you're sorry ♪ ♪ Everything happened in a hurry ♪ ♪ My God, how did I ever marry ♪ ♪ Such a bad liar? ♪ ♪ You brought this on yourself ♪ ♪ So batten down the hatches ♪ ♪ All is fair ♪ ♪ But thanks to your affair ♪ ♪ This love is war ♪ ♪ All is fair ♪ ♪ But thanks to your affair ♪ ♪ This love is war ♪ ♪ This love is war. ♪ Mackenzie didn't miss a beat. She was on. Her jackknife was so high. Her back tuck was in the air. Oh, my gosh, it was... she was just great. Oh, my gosh, Kenz, you did so good! Congratulations. Hey, hey, hey! ABBY LEE: Good girl! - That was good. Did it feel good? - Yes. Mackenzie looked good on stage. But she doesn't use her face big enough. These kids in New Jersey perform. I know it's Bernardsville-- ha-ha... but Bernardsville is this far from New York City. JILL: Come on, K, come on, come on, come on, come on. ABBY LEE: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, where are going? JILL: Now I'm going to the restroom. So if you're gonna do it, let's do it, 'cause you're here for a reason. Let's do it. I won't say a word. - Hey, G. - GIANNA: Are you guys rehearsing? I'd love for you to go over it. I'll watch if you do it once, full-out. Keep going. That wasn't it. Holly, can you go find out where Jill is? Sure, I can do that. I'll sew you in in a second. Okay, I'll go find look... find her in the bathroom. Is that hat gonna stay on her head? That hat's not going anywhere. - Unless her hair falls out. HOLLY: Hey, miss. - Hey. - Hey! Yeah, I guess you didn't expect to see me out here, huh? You want Nia to come out here to join you? - I would love her to. - Yeah? Absolutely. Wait, do the turn, though. - Let me go grab her before... - Okay, okay. I'm gonna go get Nia. I don't want her to miss out on this special lesson. HOLLY: I'm frustrated, but even more than frustrated and angry, I'm disappointed. I just talked to Jill yesterday about having privates with teachers. I just don't understand why she does this. She's a piece of work. Nia, come on outside. We're just reviewing a dance. Put on some shoes. - CHRISTI: What's she doing? - Gianna's working with Kendall. ABBY LEE: What?! Gianna is? Yeah. She just grabbed her. Gianna happened to be out in the hallway. ABBY LEE: You know what, Holly? That's not Gianna. - That's Jill. - No, that's Jill. That's Jill, just being pushy, and trying to get ahead. HOLLY: I'm really not so upset with Gianna, because, as a teacher, if a parent will ask you for help, I get it. More so, I'm upset with Jill for putting Gianna in the middle of that. It was inappropriate. You weren't supposed to have Gianna work with her. It was, like, a little private. - Again. - I went to the bathroom. - Where's the bathroom? - I came here... Wait, let me tell you. It's around the corner. JILL: Kendall st... I said, "Oh, why don't you... here's a big space, why don't you..." You should've been in there and said, "Holly, guess what! Gia's out here." We were just saying, "Where's Gia? Where's Gia?" We had just said that in there, "She should be working with the girls, we need her help." She should be working with the girls. - Girls. Girls, plural. - Right. Right. Holly, please. It's not a private, because I'm not paying for it. I didn't schedule it. It lasted about three minutes long. This is the job of a dance instructor. I didn't realize that was considered a private. - But it upset Holly, so I can't... - Wow. - ...can't do it anymore. - Why? Because I don't want everybody to be upset with me... Oh, so you're gonna be like Melissa. - JILL: ...as good as she can be. - Right. So you need to decide-- do you want the mothers to not be upset with you, or do you want your kid to get better? I can't have them angry at me. ABBY LEE: Why are the other moms in the group... Because we are a team. ...more important than your own child? JILL: They're not. Obviously, they're not. ABBY LEE: Then you shouldn't... give a darn what Holly cares. Nia, how you feeling? - Good. - Really? All right. Deep breaths. ♪ ♪ ANNOUNCER: Alright, up next in the junior duet trio division, this is entry number 36. This is Nia and Kendall with "Dig It." Go, girls! ♪ 'Cause I dig, dig, digging you, dig ♪ ♪ Dig you, baby, you're everything ♪ ♪ I think I'm looking for ♪ ♪ Dig, dig, digging you, dig, dig you, baby ♪ ♪ Everything you are, I need some more ♪ ♪ I dig, dig, digging you, dig, dig you, baby ♪ ♪ You're everything I think I'm looking for ♪ ♪ I dig, dig, digging you ♪ ♪ Dig, dig you, baby ♪ ♪ Everything you are, I need some more ♪ ♪ I dig, dig, digging you, dig, dig you, baby ♪ ♪ You're everything I think I'm looking for ♪ ♪ I'm dig, dig, digging you, dig ♪ ♪ Dig you, baby, you're everything ♪ ♪ I think I'm looking for. ♪ I'm so proud of them, and nothing went wrong. I'm pleased with the performance. I really hope Abby can be pleased with this performance. ♪ ♪ ANNOUNCER: All right, and next in the junior solo division, we have entry number 27. This is Maddie with "Lifeline." Come on, Mad! I love that number. ♪ Oh... ♪ ♪ God... ♪ ♪ Can you send me a lifeline ♪ ♪ And I've been ♪ ♪ Underwater ♪ ♪ Never search the silence ♪ ♪ In my eyes ♪ ♪ To find ♪ ♪ My way back ♪ ♪ I'll find my way back ♪ ♪ To you. ♪ MELISSA: Beautiful. ANNOUNCER: That was entry number 27, Maddie, with "LifeLine." ABBY LEE: I think Maddie looks great on stage. I think she has this whole thing sewn up. CHRISTI: Yeah, see, Jill, all that extra help paid off. It sure did. I thought they looked great. But you know what, Holly, I thought Nia was fabulous in the duet, and you didn't even need all the extra help. Abby can't make up her mind to save her life. I know. She... And she changes h-her mind. Like, she'll say one thing and then it's like, "I don't like this" and then... Kind of like when I got in the limo, you know? "Let's all go," and then Jill's like, "Nope, get out." That was humiliating. Were you setting me up to be humiliated? JILL: Me? No. There were four other people involved in that. Why am I the fall guy? As I was informed, Jill will do anything to move Kendall up that spot. And if that means taking Abby on a date... We brought me back in, and we did this standoff at the beginning of the year to be a team. And I don't feel like... doing this stuff behind each other's back, I don't feel like we're being a team. I didn't do anything behind your back. I did it right in front of you, and I did it to benefit my child. At least you're honest. I'd rather somebody say, "You know what, I'm gonna do everything I can," than say, "I'm not gonna do it" and then sneak around and do it. So whatever. ♪ ♪ ANNOUNCER: Entry number 14 with "Britney." Uh-uh, uh-uh. You can't stop and do that, Kendall. No. We needed another week to work on this number. The knees, the feet, the timing could be better. So, here we are in New Jersey once again, not putting our best foot forward. All right, are we ready to go? All right, do your thing. PAIGE: I think the group number's gonna do very well in competition because this is a really clean number, and I just hope it does good. ANNOUNCER: All right, up next in the junior small group division, this is entry number 43, with "Your Dream Will Be My Dream." ("Your Dream Will Be My Dream" intro playing) ♪ I know that you can see it ♪ ♪ Through the clouds and through the shadows ♪ ♪ It shimmers like the sea beneath the sun ♪ ♪ For until the day we both awaken ♪ ♪ Your dream will be my dream ♪ ♪ More than just a wish upon a star ♪ ♪ I can see you as you truly are ♪ ♪ Your dream will be... ♪ ♪ Your dream will be ♪ ♪ My dream ♪ ♪ My dream. ♪ ANNOUNCER: That was entry number 43, "Your Dream Will Be My Dream." ABBY LEE: So many people came up to me and told me that they loved the number, that the kids were so pretty. The crowd seems to be with them. But I... have a different opinion. Starting out with our elite mini solo division, fourth place, entry number 11, "The Remix." Third place, entry number one, "Hot Stuff." Second place, with a score of 284.6 points, entry number 12, "Love Is War." Yay, Kenz! Mackenzie gets second place. I'm proud of her. There was a lot of competition in her division. Moving into our elite junior solo division... Fourth place, this is entry number 16, "Silent All These Years." Third place, this is entry number 32, "Alabaster Box." Second place, with a score of 291 points, this is entry number 27, "Lifeline." ABBY LEE: It's like somebody popped my balloon. She is the one kid that I can count on winning. That just goes to prove you don't put all your eggs in one basket. Now moving into our elite junior duet/trio division. In fifth place, entry number 36, "Dig It." JILL: For a number to be good enough to win, there are certain elements that you need in the number, and this duet wasn't really choreographed to be a "winning number." All right, now we're gonna go back to our elite junior small group division. Fourth place, entry number 44, "Hollywood Stars." Third place, entry number 41, "My Immortal." Second place, with a score of 279.2 points, entry number 43, "Your Dream Will Be My Dream." ABBY LEE: I'll tell you what, I loved this number. And I loved this dance competition. But I don't love the fact that they were second. That's the biggest loser on the stage. Aw, I felt so bad for the group. I mean, I... I think the love fest is ending. It was quite a lovey-dovey week. - The love fest is over. - It's over. CHRISTI: Hi! KELLY: You guys look happy for getting second. MELISSA: Hey, it's okay. Good job. I'm proud of you guys. I thought you guys were amazing. We can hope for better next time, right? I... uh... Well, well, well. They were beautiful. Ladies... I think some of you need a break. Kendall, did your private with Gianna help in the duet? I think you two have a big hole to dig yourselves out of. Maddie, what happened? You were on top of the pyramid. I threw you the "Lifeline..." you let it slip right out of your hands. You were that close. And, Mackenzie, I firmly believe, like Maddie, you need to get knocked down a peg. 'Cause that's gonna make you work harder. And this was a love story, and the one lesson I thought all of you would take home was that you love to dance. They need to figure out, do they love to dance? Do they love to compete and do they love to win? Do they want this to be a career? Because if you don't, move aside. You know what, ladies? I don't want to be nasty, but it's tough love sometimes. I love you kids. I do. I love all my students. But I don't love what happened out there today. The name of the group routine is Don't Ask, Just Tell. If you wanna be Maddie, then you need to get the face. That's it. Good, good, good. - Who is it? - Some guy. - Hello? - You can have the first bite. You hurt your foot? Then you shouldn't be on it. Go home. - Miss Abby wasn't yelling at you. - Oh, honey, I know you don't. She is throwing her talent away. It's time to not be dancing anymore. Pay attention to your child, not mine. Mackenzie. I don't wanna be lied to. If you can dance, you dance. Did you witness Mackenzie doing cartwheels in here? I ask you a question! Don't you lie to me.
