ABBY : Previously on "Dance Moms.
ABBY: All of you have the opportunity to come and see me in LA.
Maddie came out.
KELLY: She's going to die alone with no friends.
I'm sure you wish I would die in a car accident too.
CHRISTI: You saw how much time she spent on Maddie and Mackenzie.
Chloe didn't even learn her dance.
ANNOUNCER: First runner up is Miss Maddie.
-She was crying.
-Thank you.
Screw you!
You know what?
You're always against me.
I'm done.
I'm so over it.
ABBY : Coming up on "Dance Moms.
ABBY: This week, you will be performing in the annual dance concert.
Now, something else is going on.
We're going to throw in a photo shoot.
Shush the beak.
Stop it.
Since when does your ass go on my stage?
If you think Christi and Kelly are going to make your kid a star, by all means, go.
Pick which side you're on.
KELLY: Never, in 40 years of being in Abby Lee Dance Company has anyone been given a solo the day of the recital?
ABBY: She's going to crap all over me and talk to me that way in front of my customers?
No way.
LYRICS: Get up.
Get on the floor.
My world is with my girls, living on the dance floor.
ABBY: Come on.
Let's go!
This is a busy week.
We have lots to do.
Let's go.
This week is going to be more hectic and stressful than ever.
This is the week of the Abby Lee Dance Company's annual dance concert.
I need these kids to be focused, because we have a lot to get done.
Let's get to the pyramid.
I want to get through it quickly.
We have a very, very busy week ahead of us.
We were the overall high score winning group.
Give yourselves a round of applause.
LYRICS: Beating in my heart, choking on the darkness.
ABBY: Paige, you knew that was coming, right?
Why?
Just like Maddie's costume fallout?
Paige made a tiny mistake in the group dance, and Abby puts her at the bottom of the pyramid.
Maddie's strap came off of her apron, and she didn't even get in trouble.
As a matter of fact, Abby laughed at her.
LYRICS: And then you kissed me, and-- LYRICS: Call me up after a bad day of work.
I am tired of Abby mistreating my kids.
And I'm not going to let her do it anymore.
Did you forget part of your dance?
No.
So it was the costume falling off, right?
Paige, do you want to be here?
Because your mother is still making excuses for you.
No, I'm not.
You made that excuse for Maddie, so I was making it for Paige.
Paige screwed up the whole group number in front of a live audience.
And we won.
Maddie, just drop and do 20 push -ups.
Kelly will feel better.
Go ahead.
You're punished.
KELLY: It has nothing to do with Maddie.
ABBY: You're pushed for your costume.
KELLY: I'm talking about you.
Every week the moms seem to be mad at me and Maddie for something that's happened.
I'm sorry that Abby treats us better than you guys, but it's not my fault.
ABBY: Go.
KELLY: Maddie, please don't.
ABBY: Keep going.
Go, Maddie.
Give me 20.
Your costume was your fault.
You should've known it was loose backstage.
You should have had somebody pin it.
I am sick and tired of fighting with Kelly.
This has been going on for over a decade.
She brings her kids to me to learn new things, to become better dancers, and then she fights with me.
You know what?
I don't care anymore, Kelly.
All right.
Paige, you're on the bottom of the pyramid, because you were perfect.
Moving on.
Brooke, you're next, because you were next to perfect.
ABBY: And now we have Kendall.
I saw an opening turn that wasn't flawless.
The rest of the dance, you were great.
And next, I have Nia.
You never roll your eyes.
You're never upset.
Your mother never has to say anything about the solos.
That's good, but I want more.
I want you to come out and be a star.
And next, we have Asia.
Asia, you were not here last week to perform, because you were rehearsing for a charity event.
ABBY: I think it's wonderful for you to do charity events.
However, charity begins at home.
And this is now your home.
Really, Asia shouldn't be higher than any of the kids who performed in the group dance.
Why should she get a spot above all these kids who were here over the break, every day that they could be, and performed for you?
That makes no sense.
KELLY: And she was training with another-- another teacher.
ABBY: She was doing a-- KRISTIE: A choreographer.
You just told us in there you had training all week.
Choreogra-- and so what-- KELLY: Training all week.
Let me get this straight.
My daughter, whether she's here, whether she's in a different country, she's going to train with choreographers.
She's not going to have downtime doing meet and greets.
OK.
Then she shouldn't be part of our team.
Doing meet and greets.
She should be training instead of doing meet and greets.
I would love to take my kids training somewhere else.
Well, then go take them to a choreographer when you're in-- -instead of doing meet and greets.
-You don't understand, we're not allowed.
We're not allowed.
KRISTIE: I feel bad for you.
-We're not allowed.
-Am I full of , moms?
-Please, somebody say something.
-Get over it.
It just happens.
It happens here.
It happens there.
It happens everywhere.
Some things never change.
Asia is training.
She's not sitting and playing in LA.
She is training with choreographers, and I think that really bothers the moms that they kind of live in a bubble.
And they don't take the initiative and keep the girls training on their breaks.
Next on the pyramid, we have Chloe.
You were challenged with hip hop.
You were fourth overall high score.
But you need to put more effort in.
You need to be the best you can be.
And I don't see that.
CHRISTI: Did Abby seriously say that Chloe needed to try harder last week?
Are you kidding me?
Maybe you need to offer some, I don't know, hip hop classes.
Next, Maddie.
It kills me that you're not on top of this pyramid, because I thought that your solo was outstanding.
And I was glad to see you tapping again.
But you still got second.
And on top of the pyramid is Mackenzie.
Mackenzie had a clean landing.
She went out on stage.
She did what she was supposed to do.
ANNOUNCER: And your highest scoring elite mini soloist is Miss Mackenzie with act number 11, "California Adventure.
Congratulations, you guys.
Great job.
ABBY: I always say, it's tough getting to the top, but it's even tougher staying there.
Turn and look to your right.
You going to let that girl show up and take over?
That didn't look very confident.
Time will tell.
KRISTIE: Thanks for keeping the seat warm, Kenzie, but Asia's back, and she'll be up top next week.
This week we are not traveling anywhere.
You will be performing in the annual dance concert.
Now this is a rough week for all involved.
You're going to have quick changes.
You're going to have numbers back to back.
You're used to lounging around all day and getting up there for one number.
Well, that ain't it, kid.
That ain't it.
The week of the showcase is always the most stressful week of the whole season.
So much going on, a total of maybe 28 to 30 numbers.
As a parent, you can't forget any part of the costume.
Kids can't forget their choreography.
It's a lot of work-- a lot of stress.
Let's get to the assignments.
Everybody will be doing a solo.
However, most of you will be doing old solos.
Paige, you have a new solo, so the pressure is on.
I think that Paige needs a new number.
None of Paige's solos have really stood out.
So we're going to let Paige do a new routine, and Kelly should appreciate it, because I'm taking time out of my week to spend with her kid.
You will be doing a jazz gymnastic routine.
So I need you totally focused on the task at hand.
KELLY: Abby always complains that Paige is like a step behind the girls in the group dances.
So why would she give her a new dance?
ABBY: All right.
I'm going to do something a little bit different.
Brooke, I am giving you an amazing opportunity.
You are going to sing your big hit song, "Summer Love Song" live.
I thought it would be a nice treat for the audience to hear Brooke sing "Summer Love Song" live.
And Kelly should be grateful.
The group routine is called Sugar Babies.
I need you to hit it hard.
Just in case we don't have enough work to do the week of our big show, we're going to throw in a photo shoot.
You are doing an editorial campaign for the magazine "Dance Track.
this is the first time that "Dance Track" magazine has interviewed kids.
And one is going to be chosen for the cover of the digital magazine.
Spread apart.
Let's go.
Let's get working.
We're going to start the group dance first so we're going to redo the entrance.
Girls, listen to me.
Remember, this is one of my favorite Broadway shows.
Do not mess it up out there.
The group routine is Sugar Babies.
It's sassy.
It's fun.
They look adorable.
And there's some comic relief.
The girls come out in these big, sloppy overcoats.
They look like bums.
Like it's funny.
Put your hands on each other.
Like lay on each other like you're exhausted, like you always are anyway.
And they whip those overcoats off, and underneath they have white ruffles, pink sugar.
It is adorable.
They look like cotton candy.
We have a lot to work on with the group routine, so I don't need any drama.
I just want to make sure that I'm not losing my mind.
Do you guys agree with me with the things that I said to Abby in pyramid?
CHRISTI: Oh, I was giving you a preach, sista in my head.
OK.
Because I don't want to think that like I'm the only one that thinks any of these things.
I was proud of you.
ABBY: After the way her mother talked to me today, there is no way that kid's being in the front in the middle of this number.
She always says everyone is terrible except for Maddie and Asia.
But the other five girls, she has nothing nice to say about those kids, ever.
KELLY: Nothing I said wasn't true.
I'm sick of Abby always dumping on my kids and glorifying Maddie.
I'm excited that Abby is giving Brooke the opportunity to sing at the showcase this year, but I don't understand why she's giving Paige a new solo.
Like she always has to give a negative with a positive.
I'm sorry.
I can't sit back and let a woman say that to my children, and me not defend my children.
GIANNA: I think Kelly is taking it very personally that Paige has to learn new choreography this week.
This is a great opportunity for Paige to learn a new solo.
And Brooke gets to sing in front of all her friends.
And you know what?
She's going to stop giving them to her if Kelly keeps complaining.
A recital is doing past dances.
I-- I can't bite my tongue and do that.
I've tried.
My daughter is not doing it.
I want Abby to give my kids opportunities.
I ask for them all the time.
But I want them to be a fair opportunity.
Having a child learn a solo the week of the recital, not a fair opportunity.
Nobody does that.
What's up?
ABBY: Those two behave like they behave, the screaming, the disrespect to my faculty and to me, is not going to go on.
I am still angry about Kelly's behavior at pyramid yesterday.
I don't need Kelly and Christi acting up during my annual dance concert.
This is a big week for us.
And I want these mothers to know I will not put up with any mom crap.
I don't get why you are offensive at what I say to your kid, but you don't get upset about your kid hearing what Kelly and Christi are saying.
Why is that OK?
HOLLY: Abby has a point.
Last year, Kelly did pull Paige and Brooke from the recital.
Look, it's none of your business-- -OK, Kelly.
-What I do with my kids.
-You know what?
You're a liar.
-Let's go.
Let's go and-- -You bring him here.
-Let's go now.
I'm not following you.
Bring them right here.
I will bring them in here.
And you know Abby is your best friend.
Oh, you.
-Kelly, where are you going?
-I'm going to go home.
-What about Brooke?
-I'm not doing it.
You don't want anything like that happening again this year.
ABBY: So what I'm saying is why aren't you fighting against them instead of fighting against me?
If you think Christi and Kelly are going to make your kid a star, by all means, go.
Pick which side you're on.
I'm going to do what I always have done.
The side I'm going to pick as Maddie, McKenzie side.
ABBY : The annual dance concert is a huge production for the Abby Lee Dance Company.
We are the cutting edge dance studio in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Push!
Sharper, harder.
Don't look like you're on the stage dancing.
Our show is almost like a Broadway show.
I don't want anybody messing it up.
There's one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight kids in this room that can't remember what they did yesterday.
Yesterday!
Do you think Abby's different during recital week than competition weeks?
Uh, yeah.
She's worse.
You know what I don't like about recital?
Abby's producing this mega show, and it's just the stress of something could go wrong.
And what if it's your kid?
And it could be something so simple, so minor, and it gets blown out of proportion.
Because until it's over, and they take that final bow, I can't breathe.
OK.
CHRISTI: So this will be Asia's first recital.
-Oh, really?
-Mm-hm.
So what am I going to be in for for this recital?
Is it going to be cray cray?
It is.
It's like you just kind of have to stay out of the way and just, because there's a lot of running.
And there's a lot of screaming.
ABBY: Asia, you're up.
You walk over there and get ready for the dance.
This is Asia's very first dance concert with us.
It's the very first time that everybody's going to see her get on stage and perform.
Turn your foot out that you're standing on.
ABBY : Are they going to welcome her with open arms?
I hope so.
Because in the dance world, there is only one first impression.
OK.
You understand?
Yes?
And you need to be spectacular.
All right.
See you, sista.
See ya.
One solo down, seven more to go.
Today is going to be a busy day.
Each girl's solo has been specifically selected to entertain the audiences.
I want everybody to shine.
These girls need to do their best moves, their best routines.
I want to see everybody do their very best.
That's what the dance concert is all about.
In that record, around and round, 'cause I can't get enough of that summer sound.
ABBY: All right.
Let's get Paige in here and find out what's going on.
What's the deal with the solo?
It's time for the last solo rehearsal of the day, and it's Paige.
I told you in pyramid that you were doing a solo.
Everybody clapped.
Now you don't want to do the dance.
Your mother doesn't want you to do the dance.
I don't know what's going on.
I've heard some grumblings about Kelly not being happy that Paige has a new solo.
Well, Kelly is never really happy, is she?
Every single week we go to a competition, and everybody learns a new dance.
In a new solo, if you forget what to do, if you mess up, nobody knows but your teachers.
Kelly would rather Paige do one of her old solos that she can't remember and never did well to begin with.
So what's the point?
Let her do something that's new, simple, easy, and she looks gorgeous doing it.
Let Paige go out on stage and shine, Kelly.
You just have to tell me right now, are we doing a new number that you're doing on Sunday, or are you not?
I thought I was doing an old number.
ABBY: I just gave Paige a golden opportunity, but Paige would rather play it safe.
Big mistake, kid.
Big.
I said that I would rather do "Get Up, Get Loud, and Get Tough" because I've practiced it and it's better.
I don't feel like Paige should have to go up on stage and do a new solo.
If she's the only one picked to do a new solo, and she's not comfortable with it, I think she should be able to do an old one, just like everybody else is.
-You do whatever you want to do, Peanut.
-OK.
-OK?
If that's what you want to do, that's what you do.
ABBY: The big day for the annual dance concert is fast approaching, and some of these kids have never performed for that many people in their life.
This is going to be a big day.
OK, girls.
Thank you.
Dismissed.
You want to exit stage left, prop stage right.
This group routine is a mess.
They have a lot of cleaning to do.
But right now, there's another issue I have to take care of.
Paige was chosen in pyramid to do a new solo.
She would prefer not to do a new solo.
So I'm offering it to somebody else.
Would anybody else like to do a new number?
CHRISTI: Wait.
Did Abby just pull Paige's solo from this recital?
Someone raise their hand.
Maddie, you have your "Survivor" number that you learned?
Oh, yeah.
Abby really wants Maddie to do her solo, "Survivor.
She's never done it in Pittsburgh, and Abby wants some new numbers.
So if Paige doesn't want to do a new solo, Maddie can.
.
KELLY: I love how you volunteered her.
You notice whenever you asked people, nobody volunteered?
She did not volunteer.
You volunteered her.
When any one of these kids were asked to do a new solo, none of them chose to.
-That's all I have to say.
-Right.
They didn't.
So let's do it again.
And I'm going to ask again, and then you say, me.
I'll do "Survivor.
Would anyone like to take the place and do a solo?
Anybody?
-Maddie, what?
KELLY: Never in 40 years of being in the Abby Lee Dance Company has anyone been given a solo the day of the recital!
ABBY: Kelly, you're out.
-Ever!
You're out.
Call the police.
KELLY: I'm done.
-Get her out of here.
KELLY: This whole thing just isn't fair.
If Abby wants to play her games, that's fine.
But me and my girls are leaving.
ABBY: Get her out of here.
-Please.
Take me.
Let's go.
ABBY: Get her out of this auditorium.
-Let's go.
Let's go.
ABBY: You're finished.
You're out.
Goodbye.
KELLY: Thank you.
CHRISTI: OK, let me-- I'm going to call Kelly and see if she's planning on coming.
I really think Kelly made a mistake by walking out on our dance concert.
This is a huge opportunity for Brooke, and I would love to see her sing.
I'm really sad for her.
We're here at the studio with all of the moms.
We were just wondering if you were coming today.
Are you planning on coming at all for the recital?
I really do expect Kelly to be back.
I really think that she'll be back for the showcase.
She won't do this to her kids.
ABBY: Hello.
-Hello.
-Cute!
-Whoa.
I ordered all the girls brand new warm-ups, free of charge.
This is my new dancewear line, and my new cover-up line.
It's like loungewear, streetwear, dancewear.
Those are cute.
HOLLY: They do appreciate it.
-I like the jackets.
CHRISTI: Abby giving the girls the whole dancewear line isn't about giving them a gift.
It's more about turning them into dancing billboards, because you know, isn't it all about making Abby more money?
Girls, with Paige and Brooke out, it's just everybody has to work harder.
I have to re-block the entire group number.
Once again, everybody else is working while Paige and Brooke don't have to work.
Kendall, you need to arch over that right.
You're never moving your body and your head.
Move it.
Jazz hands.
I think what really set Kelly over the edge was the fact that Abby offered up a solo and nobody took it.
MOM: Not one person.
And then she said, Maddie, you're going to do this solo.
Who wants a solo?
And then Maddie raised her hand.
But Maddie was the only one who had a solo to give up.
-Right.
Right.
-But Abby said, Maddie, raise your hand.
-Do your new solo.
-Exactly.
CHRISTI: It wasn't Maddie who was making the decision for her.
-Right.
And that's what Abby does.
CHRISTI: At the expense of Kelly's kids.
Kelly freaking out and leaving, it's new to me, but talking to the other moms, it's like getting your tires rotated.
You do it once a year.
ABBY: All right.
One more time, and we're going.
So pray Asia does it right.
Five, six, seven, go.
Drag, ball, change.
Twist, twist, twist.
And that's great.
Very impressed with you, Chloe.
CHRISTI: You know, it really is nice to hear Abby say something complimentary towards Chloe.
And it's amazing that those couple little words will probably go so far with her self-esteem.
I'm going upstairs.
CHRISTI: That makes me sad that Brooke and Paige are not dancing.
-Is this the beginning of the end?
-No.
I think the team is falling apart a little bit, but we always come back together.
Abby was pretty pissed.
I mean, Kelly has put her through the wringer a lot.
-It goes both ways.
-Woo.
-It goes both ways.
-Woo.
All Kelly had to do was say, OK, Brook can sing, and Paige will do a new solo.
Jill, here I am, up on the observation mezzanine.
I don't want to be there with these moms, and I certainly don't want to overhear what they have to say.
But I'm going to let Jill know that she is in the show.
I am giving you the opportunity of a lifetime.
OK.
You will be performing in the Sunday matinee at 12:00 noon.
JILL: OK.
ABBY: We need to block your entrance and your exit.
JILL: I am so excited for my duet.
I'm doing a tango number with my old friend, Jimmy from Night and Day Dance Studio.
I walk in.
I walk half way.
And then I look back, and then we start our tango, and then we do a dip.
So right now, your butt's to the audience.
Well, it's like this.
And then I come around.
And then I-- He comes up and then we-- ABBY: Watch, Jill, because your arm fat jiggles when you do that.
JILL: I'm the first to say I need to lose a little weight, but it's kind of comical to have Abby yelling at me about my arm fat jiggling.
When I clap, I'm trying not to give the-- ABBY: All right.
Thank you.
ABBY: We're here at the photo shoot for "Dance Track" magazine, and one of them is going to be selected to be on the cover.
This has Maddie's name written all over it.
SANDRA: We are so excited to be here.
Everybody is going to give me what?
100%?
-110.
-Thank you.
ABBY: Whoever wins the cover is going to have a lot of people looking at the them-- judges, choreographers, casting agents, directors, producers, you name it.
It's a shame that Kelly went berserk at the dance concert dress rehearsal and took her kids with her.
I could definitely see Paige winning this cover.
I think we have our first victim.
Here we go.
For this photo shoot, I've assigned each girl a character to help them bring life and energy to their pictures.
Chloe is the rebel rocker.
PHOTOGRAPHER: Oh, that's cute.
ABBY: Maddie is the teacher's pet, of course.
PHOTOGRAPHER: Hello.
ABBY: Asia is the girl with the big reputation, you know, sassy.
PHOTOGRAPHER: OK.
ABBY: Kendall is the mean girl.
PHOTOGRAPHER: Ooh.
ABBY: Mackenzie is the bookworm, the nerd.
PHOTOGRAPHER: That's pretty.
ABBY: And Nia is the athlete.
She's portraying a gymnast.
Seeing the girls in their element, dressed, having fun in front of the camera, it's fun.
It's a shame that Brooke and Paige aren't here to enjoy this experience.
Abby, I have a feeling since this happened last year at recital, that Paige and Brooke will be back.
No.
She quit.
She's going to crap all over me and talk to me that way in front of my customers?
No way.
I cannot allow that.
I will not allow that.
I was a fool for letting these moms coerce me into taking Kelly back.
Kelly is more concerned with herself than she is with any needs of her child.
She's not going to be wasting my time anymore.
Today is the day.
The annual dance concert has finally arrived.
It's so exciting.
We have a red carpet.
You can feel the excitement in the air.
We are expecting 1,300 people.
It's a sold-out crowd.
When they hit that stage, there better be electricity in the air.
This is going to be fabulous.
-Hi.
-Oh, there's the star.
Hey.
-Hello, ladies.
-Hi.
-How is everybody?
-Good.
-We're good.
How are you?
-Good.
this is a big day-- big, big day.
Everybody has a solo.
Asia's back.
She has a solo.
And Maddie, I think you stepped up to the plate, and you're going to do some new material that nobody has seen yet.
MELISSA: Maddie has a lot on her plate today.
She has two solos.
She has her original tap solo and her new solo, "Survivor," that is replacing Paige's spot.
And you have a new group routine, "Sugar Babies.
it's fun.
It's comic relief.
This is the best opportunity for these girls to shine.
At this point in the season, they should be at their peak.
I almost forgot about this whole photo shoot thing.
-I know it's a big deal for you guys.
-Oh, these children haven't forgotten.
ABBY: Oh, I know.
I know they haven't forgotten about it.
So I found Sandra.
Hey.
ABBY: Come on.
-Ah!
-All right.
Abby doesn't even know who's on the cover.
I don't.
So we came to the Abby Lee Dance Company specifically to find our very first cover person that will be a professional child dancer.
It's pretty big.
So I would like to congratulate the winner, and announce the next cover of "Dance Track" magazine.
And the winner is-- Yay, Kendall!
Yay.
Oh, that's really cool.
JILL: I have to say I am truly shocked that Kendall won.
Not that she wouldn't be good at it, or be amazing and beautiful, just the fact that Maddie and Mackenzie always seem to get that special part.
I was really surprised that it was Kendall.
ABBY: .
"Dance Track," thank you so much, Sandra.
-Thank you.
-I appreciate it.
You know, thank you, Sandra.
ABBY: All right, girls.
So quick changes, "Sugar Babies," your solos.
Some of you have duets.
Some of you have trios.
Break a leg.
Go.
We're going to be late.
CHRISTI: The girls have so much pressure this week, because this is Abby's big annual showcase recital.
And she wants everything to be perfect.
Here we go.
Lights.
We're ready.
Pull curtain.
Woo!
Woo!
ABBY: This has been a great day.
The kids better do what they were taught to do.
Pants are on backwards.
Asia walks right on stage, and I find out her costume's on wrong.
So right now, I'm not sure how Abby is going to respond to this, or even if she knew.
But this could be the end of me and Asia, or she can say, Asia did amazing.
I didn't even know her pants were on wrong.
LYRICS: Whoa.
Sometimes I feel like there's nowhere to go but down.
Well, I'll survive-- survive.
And I'll be the one to survive.
Take the house to half.
Take the house to half, Jess.
"Sugar Babies" is a fun number.
The girls really get to express themselves and have fun out there onstage.
I think they've pulled it together as a team, in spite of Brooke and Paige being absent.
Places.
LYRICS: When you've lost your taste, and you've got a sweet tooth, and your just craves all that syrupy mousse, and your bear heart is on the cart, I've got a menu for you.
When you're and you're filled with ,, and there's no sweet tea-- just some crab apple juice, where a work of art is not so tart, we've got a dessert just for you.
We're your candy girls in a sour world where your pastries are dream honeymoon.
Woo!
ABBY: The rest of the girls have really stepped up to the plate.
And now it's Mackenzie's time.
Mackenzie, Mackenzie, where are you going?
Where are you going?
Right before she goes onstage, Mackenzie comes to me and says that she forgets her dance.
You forget a part of your solo?
What is it?
What is it?
There's nothing I can do.
Her music is playing, and she has to enter.
You've got to improv.
You've got to go.
Mackenzie, Mackenzie, where are you going?
Where are you going?
-Mackenzie, you don't go that way.
You forget a part?
What is it?
What's it?
Are we waiting for her?
.
You've got to improv.
You've got to go.
You got to go.
You're holding up those-- No, no, no.
Don't go that way.
Let's just open the curtain.
Put her out there.
Get out there and pose.
We have to go curtain.
And I don't know what's going on with her.
LYRICS: I'm not boys like you.
No, no.
I know just what you do.
And I'm not falling for you-- falling for you.
I know about boys like you.
Stay out til the sun comes shining through.
I know about boys like you.
Oh, no.
Boys like you.
No, no.
I know just what you do.
You know I can play games too.
You should know that girls like me don't fall for boys like you.
MACKENZIE: I was really scared that I forgot my dance, but when I went onstage and heard the music, it all came back to me.
What was all that hysteria about?
CHRISTI: Jill where's your dance mom?
JILL: You can be my dance mom, Christi.
-Just don't scream at me.
- Point your feet.
- Don't yell.
-Point your feet.
Point your feet.
Don't yell.
Like don't make me cry.
I'm a little nervous about being on stage with all of these amazing dancers around me.
I don't want to screw up Abby's showcase, and I really don't want to embarrass my children.
Jill, don't screw my show up.
Your boobs just better not be bouncing around out there.
I swear.
ANNOUNCER: For our graduating class of 2013.
And curtain.
Go.
Whoo!
Oh, my God.
Get the hell off the stage.
And all of your dreams have now come true.
Ah.
Oh, my God.
Go.
Go.
All right.
Get them off.
I'm coming over.
Get them off.
Wait til they're off.
Idiots.
You get Tweedledee and Tweedledum coming out there, trying to have their moment in the spotlight, ruining my production.
Jill, never again are you dancing in my show.
What are you doing out there?
Showboating?
No.
Just giving her roses.
I know, but since when does your ass go on my stage?
So listen to me, ladies, you're here as mom.
CHRISTI: OK.
We're done.
Yes.
We're done.
Let's get the kids ready, and let's do the show the way it was rehearsed.
And you can blame Kelly for all this mess-- her mouth.
CHRISTI: My God, Abby, put a sock in it.
We walk on stage and crown Jill.
It's not like we ruined your show.
I think people liked it.
I think that the dance concert was a smashing success.
It was a great performance.
It was injury-free.
Everybody had a good time.
I'm sure if there's any critics in the audience, that they would have to give us a thumbs up.
Pittsburgh just got a little taste of Hollywood.
ABBY: Thank you.
ANNOUNCER: And that's the end of our show.
We'll see you next year.
ABBY: .
Feels good to be done.
That's for store.
Whew.
-Oh, I know.
-Yay.
-What a day.
What a day.
-Kind of survived that one.
Woohoo.
Oh, thanks, guys.
-Yeah, you did well.
-I was like-- I was-- -I was surprised.
-Wait, wait.
-Did I look good onstage?
-Well, looked goodish.
Goodish.
OK.
Well, I'll take it.
-How was Maddie's solo today?
-It was beautiful.
I've never seen it before, so I got to see it.
I think it was-- it's evident that Maddie did that because of Abby.
I mean Abby volunteered her up, and said Maddie, this is what you're going to do.
CHRISTI: But I think that that's why Kelly was upset.
Abby made a point to volunteer Maddie and say, you'll step up to the plate.
And she just said, once again, you're making my kids look subpar, and Maddie look like that she's above everyone else.
-Have you talked to Kelly?
-Um, I called her.
Is she mad at you?
You know, I said, Kelly, it wasn't Maddie's fault.
No, I did nothing wrong.
CHRISTI: Well, I think Kelly thought that you should have stopped it.
-Because Kelly is mad.
-Oh, she is?
CHRISTI: Yeah.
But she wanted her to step-- no.
No, no, no.
She wanted Melissa to step in and say, no.
You know what?
My daughter did what she did, and I think any of the other kids would have did the same thing.
-Hey.
-Hi, girls.
Hey, sugar babies.
One, two, three, four!
Well, you guys-- you guys.
How do you think the show was?
GIRLS: Great.
-Yay.
Congratulations.
You did an excellent job.
Um, there's a few, you know, things I want to go over.
Asia, you did an entire routine with your pants on backwards.
But don't laugh.
It's not funny.
Someone is dressing you, and I understand that.
I always check her, and in the circumstances, I didn't even know.
You're not sitting in the audience.
You're backstage.
-You're in that quick-change room.
-Yeah.
I'm looking at a list that says-- it says her name on 18.
-I popped her into Brooke's spot.
-But no one told me.
Well, wait.
She only has two numbers.
OK, these kids did like 15, and they all had their pants on straight.
Just saying.
Now, I want the name of who put that costume on you backwards.
It was my responsibility.
Thank you, Asia.
It's what she wants to hear.
Thank you for ending that.
CHRISTI: Chloe dropped her hat onstage, suspended for a month.
Asia has her costume on backwards, and it's, haha, no big deal.
Now-- now, here is the question of the day.
-Is Jill going to be on the pyramid?
-No, no.
No.
She said she'll give you a head shot.
She's going to bring it.
-She has a head shot.
-She's going to bring it.
Say what you will about Abby, but she does put on a good show.
And I really have to applaud Kelly for passing up all of the opportunities her kids had this week at the recital to prove a point.
I really do hope Kelly comes back, because without her, I'm on my own.
ABBY : Next on "Dance Moms.
This week, we will be attending "Believe" in Lancaster, Pennsylvania.
The Wicked Witch from the West will be there.
All of you have come highly recommended.
How's it going?
You will sit here and say, that is not your seat, I want Kelly back, when she constantly runs out on this team with her children.
Say, how about you take a seat, and enjoy the show?
ABBY: If I got a hammer, and smacked your kid in the kneecaps, they still wouldn't straighten.
Stop!
This is about dance.
-Are you people insane?
-Get the woman out of here.
