JEFF: Coming up, juicy gossip. There's a rumor that you and the bus driver are doing it. JEFF: Some out of control dance moms. I think Holly, probably, has the biggest butt. We see each other a lot, you know, naked. JEFF: And smack -talking superfans. I'm the boss, and that's all there is to it. Vivi is the mastermind behind Cathy. JEFF: Plus, our very own diva of dance. Who do you think dresses the worst on the show? JEFF: Abby Lee Miller is here. Melissa needed to be taught a lesson. ALEC: You are unmovable. I went right to the police station. This is "Dance Moms Chatter." Get up, get on the floor. My world is with my girls, living on the dance floor. Hi. I'm Jeff Collins. And welcome to "Dance Moms Chatter." I'm here with everybody's favorite dance teacher, Miss Abby Lee Miller, my favorite and yours. Listen, if you love all things "Dance Moms," grab a cocktail, get comfy, because we're going to dish the dirt and reveal everything you've always wanted to know about your favorite show and mine. We've got fan-favorite moments, burning questions from Twitter, cast members, some super-fan comedians, and never before seen clips. Are you ready for the lowdown? All right. So listen, the internet is buzzing about you and the show, and we've got a lot of questions from fans. But actually, what I want to do is take a moment to ask you kind of how this all got started. Why did you go straight to being a choreographer versus being a dancer? Well, I was very creative. I had an eye for costuming. I had an eye for color. I had a good ear to pick out music that captured the audience's attention. A lot of people want to know if you're one of those people who always dreamed of being famous. Or is this-- I was always a star in my own mind. It just took everybody else a little time to catch up. I wanted my students to be famous. I wanted this life for them. And now I'm living it. It's crazy. But I worked hard and I gave up a lot for those kids, you know, I gave up my personal life, I gave up many, many, many, many times with my family doing things because of my students. You know, somebody would have a wedding, and I couldn't go because my student was performing at the Kennedy Center in Washington D.C. You know, a Broadway opening was the same time as my class reunion. You know, just I gave up my personal life for these kids. Right. Well, and now-- you know, look what's happened to you now. - You invested well in yourself. - Thank you. JEFF: And in your kids. All right. Well, listen. I've got a surprise for you. We have some guests on the show. Not only are they super fans, they are super funny. So please welcome "Ugly Betty's" very own Alec Mapa and recap queen, Nadine Rajabi. Hello. ALEC: Touch the money. First rule of show business. JEFF: Alec, how did you and Nadine get to be such fans of the show? I actually heard about it after the fact, after Season One. And then I'm like, oh, my God. What is this show? And I went back. And I'm like, oh, my God. Abby's amazing. - Thank you. - You come on. And you just tell everybody basically to off, in a good way. ABBY: But anyway, she's cute, and she's darling, and those shoes are fabulous. ALEC: You're like the Honey Badger of the show. Like, everybody could be going crazy around you, and you kind of, like, maintain this demeanor like, I'm the boss and that's all there is to it. And the best part is, is that Abby goes, you know what? You're a suspended, daughter, because your mom is a whore. Like, basically-- JEFF: What's been the worst Dance Mom attack ever. Oh. We refer to her as the sinister minister. JEFF: Let's take a look at that infamous moment and some more memorable "Dance Moms" blowups. I don't care if you're taping. I'm going in to-- ABBY: They were to wear tights and a leotard. I made two other children change their clothes. Because it's acro, we're doing a lot on our knees. And they have to be in their bare feet. - May I speak to you a minute? - No. We're in rehearsal. I want to speak to you. You don't throw my kid out of class. - I paid for class. ABBY: She's not dressed appropriately. DAWN: I'm looking at every single kid out here, Abby. They all look like children. Isn't that crazy, that children look like children? - She's dressed appropriately. ABBY: You're the minister. look at. The kids are not phased whatsoever. Let's play the Bible game, Abby? When Jesus saw things that were wrong, he went after it. And I'll tell you what. You're not going to do this to my kid. Out of the room. Out, out. Reagan, goodbye. Out, out. DAWN: You're not throwing her out. - Oh, yes I am, and you with her. - Go. Yes. DAWN: No, you're not. Every week we put the trash out. Go. Then take yourself out, because you're the biggest piece of trash there is. - Abby, I think we need to talk. ABBY: No. You're not gonna ruin this day. No. We need to talk, Abby. In the hallway now. Are you kidding? I'm a paying client, and you won't speak to me. No. Nothing's worth that much money. ABBY: I think the worst thing that Christi can do is talk about me when her daughter is present. I can not get Chloe to trust me if her mother doesn't trust me herself. I'm so excited for you, because she got the best award. We don't want to ruin the way to victory. - I'm not ruining today. - No, Abby. We need to go in the hallway. Don't be doing this in front of my daughter, Chris. Abby. We can all go in the hallway, because I tried to talk to you, and I tried to talk to you personally. - Let's go in the hallway. - Why are you doing this? - I'm not going anywhere. - My daughter's happy. CHRISTI: Let's go in the hallway. Do you want to talk about all the things that need to be talked about? - Not here, not now. - Because you won't talk about it. - And you won't talk about it. - I will never talk to you again. - Abby, I'm not talking-- - You're making my daughter cry. - So shut up. - Talk about what? And how many times has my daughter beat your daughter this year? We were stacked against everybody this weekend because you didn't. - Get out of here now. Bitch. - Let's go. Let's go. Maybe your kids feel bad, but it doesn't matter that my daughter feels bad. Your daughter is holding a national title, and I will take it away in a minute. Girls. They are staying with me. You are an uneducated mess. Quit drinking. I'm not going on the bus. That bitch. - Don't cry. - I'm telling you. Give me a phone. You are out of control. - I'm for staying at your studio. - There you go. CHRISTI: Then I need to leave. ABBY: You're done. You've had two weeks to work on this routine. KELLY: The haven't really worked on it for two weeks, Abby. They learned it-- I know. That's my point. They don't self motivate themselves. - They don't get out there and work on it. - When do you want them to work on it? We had privates, but we weren't able to go to them. But Maddie went to hers. You're so jealous of that kid. - Oh, my God. KELLY: I am not jealous of Maddie. You know, you're jealous that I'm talking to her, that I'm telling her the same thing I tell her every week. Because, Abby, we're going on a couple after her. You made sure her makeup was perfect, her costume was perfect. You haven't looked at these two at all. Well, you handle her makeup. She's your job. - You know, I don't need a job. - I know. But your kid still needs to point her feet. - No money can buy that. No. - That's your job. - To teach them. - Money can't buy talent. Honey Badger don't care. Like, you are unmovable. Like, it was either her or you. - And it was like, bye. - My name's on the mortgage. ALEC: I would have been like, in the Bible, Jesus wore the proper clothing to the dance class. It's in Leviticus. But you could kind of see, like, the crazy in her eyes already, from the moment she walks into the room. She's like Cookie Monster. Like, her eyes are, like, ... Nom, nom, nom, nom, nom. ALEC: So there's no way that was gonna end nicely for anybody. JEFF: All right. So you had some choice words for Sinister Minister when she went off on you that day. So how did that situation ultimately resolve itself? ABBY: She got thrown out, the police came, hauled her out there, and said, you're finished. It's private property, so I just dial 9-1-1, and they come and haul everybody out of there. Now it's up to me to sue her for the rest of her tuition. So she's not at the Abby Lee Dance Company anymore? She doesn't-- Hell no, Jeff. JEFF: All right. So there's been a lot of gossip on the blogs. In case you haven't heard or been paying attention, Abby Lee Miller is officially off the market. - Take a look at this. NADINE: Wow. MAN: What is the question? - Were you a jock in high school? Please tell me you played football. MAN: I played football, I played basketball. - I'm a 50-yard line backer. - Oh, are you? - I am. - Cool. Were you a cheerleader? No. I just mean I did it on the 50 -yard line. - You did? - Let's just go over a few things, Chris. - I have some questions for you. - I have some answers. - Do you own your own tuxedo? CHRIS: Yes, I do. - Okay. - As a matter of fact, I do. And I can tie a bow tie, an actual bow tie. That's like a bonus point. - Hi. How are you? CARL: Good. How are you? - Nice to meet you. CARL: I'm Carl. ABBY: Okay, ladies? Carl has gum. - But it must mean he has fresh breath. - My mom used to teach dance. She used to own her own dance studio. So you grew up around a dance studio. - Oh, time's up. Time's up - Saved by the bell. I didn't even get my tough questions. Okay. Why do they take me on their field trips when I have the worst outfits on? You're only as good as your last performance. First of all-- wait, wait, wait, wait. First of all, we have got to cover what was the most shocking thing you heard in that clip. That Abby was a 50-yard line girl. I'm just saying. JEFF: So let me ask you a question, what made you decide to go along with this whole speed-dating thing. - I think I got to leave the studio. - Did you enjoy it? It was hilarious. JEFF: Now, talking about on the blogs about you dating someone. So who are you dating now? There's a rumor that you and the bus driver are doing it. Is that true? ALEC: What blog did you read that from? - Jeff. ALEC: Jeff. I am not dating someone. I just have someone that cares about me. Is it someone who cares about you in Los Angeles? ABBY: Yes. JEFF: So how weird is it trying to date like that? When you go on a date like that, and then cameras are following. I know. That waiter was pretty hot at that restaurant. For those of you who didn't see that she actually went on a date, here we go. Let's take a look. So you're not in a relationship right now obviously. Well, I kind of have a long distance. - We all have a long distance. ABBY: Mhm. It's good to have a long distance. It keeps it out there. Oh, my God. This is the chef's specialty. It's chocolate eruption. He wasn't too bad. - You can have the first bite. - Mm. Is that good? - Tell me about your dance background. - Yeah. Dance. - I had a slight dance background. - Tell me. Yeah. Yeah. I was a male stripper. ABBY: No, you weren't. - Yeah. For a little bit. - They made me do it. - Who's they? - No. I am not dancing on this table. - Why? - I'll break it. - Wus. I am 180 pounds of twisted steel and sex appeal. This table would crack. - Twisted steel sex appeal. - I'm just saying. Oh hoo. JEFF: What do you think, Alec? I know we've just met, but please tell me you've never gone out with this person again. - No. - Ever, ever. Louie looked like a mix between Count Chocula and "My Cousin Vinny." ALEC: With the kind of-- the beard that kind of ends like right underneath his eyes. He took you to place called Flowers in the Attic, and you guys were the only people there. - Like, that's not creepy. - He's my worst nightmare. That date where you're, like, laughing your head off, and you're having a good time, and he's looking at you like you just farted in his hand. ABBY: No. You know what I was thinking about? I was thinking of-- NADINE: "Teen Wolf." ABBY: "Teen Wolf." Yes. But then he had that weird bleach streak going through. He's, like, I'm Count Vladimir of Pittsburgh. So what's more terrifying, going on a first date with a stranger or being attacked by a crazy dance mom? Oh. Going on a first date with a stranger. Definitely. The dance mom I can handle. JEFF: I'm here with Abby Lee Miller, the star of our show, and superfan comedians, Alec Mapa and Nadie Rajabi, dishing the dirt on "Dance Moms." All right. Now we've seen what happens when dance moms attack. But what happens about the rare mom Abby calls friend? - Well, sometimes. - Sometimes. Please welcome dance mom Melissa. - Good to see you. - Good. How are you? JEFF: Melissa, you and Abby have been friends for a long time. You guys have a long history together. So the fans want to know, like, what's going on with the two of you with this, you know, on again, off again relationship. Because you had a little bit of a rocky thing that happened. MELISSA: We're always going to be friends. JEFF: So this past season, how did your friendship go? You know, you were always known as, like, best friends. And then this last season, you had a bit of a bump in the road. MELISSA: Oh. The standoff. The standoff. ABBY: Oh. Well, you know, I have been telling Melissa, since day one, that she shouldn't do what the other moms do. If Maddie-- and I didn't mean any offense by this-- was a racehorse, she wouldn't be in the barn with all the other horses. She's winning the race. She's a thoroughbred. She is in the winner's circle. The other horses that didn't win, that aren't in the race-- Not so much. ABBY: They're just getting the oats or whatever, you know and the apple. And they're getting hosed off. That's right. So people say, oh, she's your favorite. She's on time. She's prepared. She's warmed up. She's dressed appropriately. If you want to be the favorite, do that too. JEFF: What it really boils down to-- and if I may-- you're upset because Melissa sided with the moms and not you. - Yes. JEFF: All right. So for anybody who missed it or wants to see it again, let's take a look at what actually happened. - You guys want to see it, Alec? ALEC: Yes. All right. Let's take a look at what actually happened-- - Where's my popcorn? - --And Abby. Here we go. Ab, can I talk to you for a sec before you leave? ABBY: Yeah. What? I really would love for Maddie to prove to you that she can win. I know, Melissa, but you have to realize that she was just in a duet with Kendall. And even though she was a lot better than Kendall and a lot stronger, she didn't blow me away either. She is special. And my daughter wants to dance. But why am I telling you that? Why wouldn't a kid that had the potential to make it, to have a career in this business, not have her own integrity, her own ambition, to get out of the car and walk in? MELISSA: She wanted to come. - Then why didn't you-- What kind of parent were you to not let her? I've been committed to the studio. But your daughter has been given opportunity after opportunity. - And I realize that. - I sent her to New York for auditions. - And she's gone every time. ABBY: I took her to LA. - I do all of these things, Melissa. - And I know that. ABBY: And I called you. - I know you did. ABBY: I called you. I didn't call every one of those mothers. You risked-- Your kids special-- --on Paige and Brook. I would have never picked up the phone and called Sophia if Maddie would've been in this building working her butt off. Well, you know, we all make mistakes, Abby. Yeah. But what you did, you hurt your own kid. You didn't hurt me. - I realize that, Abby. - No solo this weekend. There is no way, Melissa. You did this to Maddie. Not me. JEFF: So Abby, did you feel like you could trust Melissa after what happened? ABBY: I just think that Melissa needed to be taught a lesson. Her friendships have to be separate from raising her children. Those kids should come first. And there's other talented kids out there. Forget about this confrontation. What the hell was Jill wearing again? MELISSA: I know. She tries to be 20. NADINE: She was wearing a black poodle around her neck. ABBY: Jill has two teenage daughters, and I think she wants to be them. ALEC: Can I borrow this sweater, you guys? It's 14 sizes too small, and too short, and-- JEFF: Well, there's one dance mom, Cathy. Cathy not only left the studio, but she's been on a seemingly relentless campaign to beat Abby at every turn. - Take a look at this. - Really? There's a dance teacher in our area whose kid-- went to New York city with him while he was away from us. - Stretch it out. Stretch it out. JOHN: Hey, Abby. JOHN: How are you? - I'm good. Good to see you. ABBY: I'm so glad you're here. ABBY: John is a brilliant, brilliant choreographer. - John, is that your LA man? - No. That's my Miami John. - That's your Miami John. - She has Johns in every state. Love you. Okay, let's go. Come on. Ooh. Cathy did not like that, that you knew somebody. Like, there's, like, daggers coming out of her eyes. I know everybody. ALEC: You know everybody, so you're the real deal. ABBY: I've been doing this for 33 years. I take kids all over the country. She's at home with her husband and her kid. I leave my family, I leave my studio, my hometown. Every other studio in my town is at home. Where am I? Orlando, New York, Vegas, LA. I'm with my students. I meet people. I network. I take my kids. I walk in, I go... I throw them at the producer, at the director, at the choreographers. Here's the difference between you and Cathy. You tell it like it is. She reminds me of that joke. What's the difference between a bitchy queen and an evil queen? A bitchy queen will say, are you going to wear that? And the evil queen will say, you look terrific. That's who Cathy is. NADINE: I actually think Vivi is the mastermind behind Cathy. She's actually not a baby. She's actually 47. She's a 47-year-old woman. NADINE: She doesn't speak, because she actually controls-- She never speaks. She kind of just lurks by the table, like, during the auditions-- Right. And then he eats ice cream. And she's just like-- JEFF: So listen, a lot of fans have been asking about where Cathy's money comes from. So I think we may have found the answer. Take a look at this. CHRISTI: We got a phone call from Cathy. That-- I know that she is up to no good. So whatever it is, it's manipulative. You know how her husband owns that beef jerky thing, right? Well, he was doing a commercial for the store. And Cathy called. And she offered Chloe a job to go be in the commercial. ABBY: Oh. So that's where you were yesterday. CHRISTI: So here's a commercial. MAN : We got beef jerky, turkey jerky, chicken jerky. Hell, my mouth's on fire jerky. If you can jerk it, Tommy's got it, because no one jerks it like Tommy. This ain't my first rodeo. GIRLS: Mm. Good. KELLY: She's a piece of meat. Do you think she had her come to, like, humiliate her? Absolutely. Isn't that every dancer's worst nightmare, that my beef jerky past is going to come up at some point? JEFF: You know, Dr. Holly, she lost it this year. And she called Abby a monstrosity of evil. JEFF: And I said to Abby, do you even know what that means? - Yes. JEFF: I don't know what that means. - A monstrosity. - She used great words, you know? All right. So the conflicts and rivalries on the show not only make for some great television, they coin some interesting insults. You might want to grab a pen and take notes on this one. CHRISTI: So what's your group dance this week? - Are you riding unicycles? - You're a smart girl. - What's it look like? - Oh, I don't know. - It's like a bicycle wheel. - So what's it to you? I'm just asking what your gimmick is this week. - You always have one. - There's no gimmick. That gimmick tends to beat you, every once in a while. CHRISTI: Every once in a while. - Where did you guys get these? - From Cathy's wheelchair? CATHY: Ah, no, Jill. JILL: You gotta admit, that's funny. That's funny. Come on. CATHY: Oh, yeah. We're all laughing. And how old are you, double chin? - Not as old as you. CATHY: Oh, really? Who would know with all the work you've had done? - Okay. Turn around if you don't like it. - I don't need to turn around, Jill. - Then shut up. - No. I don't need to shut up either. - Yes, you do. Okay. CATHY: No. I don't. - I don't think you can. JILL: And listen, there are children here. - So watch your mouth. - I don't have to watch my mouth, Jill. - Watch your ugly mouth. - I don't have to watch my ugly mouth. - It's ugly, like you. - You should talk about ugly. Everybody thinks you're a man in disguise. CATHY: Jaylen, you have to continue to take dance classes. And you want to be well-rounded, yes? Just not well-rounded like Abby. ABBY: Do you think I've given up my whole life in all the organizations that I belong to to deal with that piece of crap? No. She is dirt under my feet. She hit me. There's no going back. - I'm sorry you guys are miserable. - I'm not miserable. - Our kids are happy. They-- - Look at me when you talk to me. I don't want to look at you when I talk to you. You guys are so caught up on, oh, my God, complaining about every little thing that happens. - I'm looking you in the eye, bitch. - Bitch, let's go. Let's go. - I'm not that way. - Exactly. Sit down. Do not call me a bitch if you can't back it up. Oh, my gosh, guys, where do we begin? First of all, I think that skinny Christi is, like, the Queen Latifah of "Dance Moms." Is she not? She has to sit like this to hold up her boobs. NADINE: I felt like she was gonna float away a little bit. I wanted to say something about Cathy though. The last time I saw her, she got lots of work done. - Did you notice that? She's like this? - Did she? - Is she? - Oh. ABBY: Really? - And Jill said, look. I said, I know. - I saw. ABBY: Ooh. Oh, she did something. There was something going on. - Well, the meat didn't pay for that. MELISSA: Something going on there. The jerky didn't pay for that. I think they could take the insults even further. Do a whole round of your dance mama is so-- Are we going there? Your dance mama so dumb she bought point shoes for her fingers. NADINE: Your dance mama's so dumb, when they told her she was pigeon toed, she went to the vet and got X-rays. Your dance mama's so stupid, she doesn't know what comes after five, six, seven. NADINE: Your dance mama is so stupid that when Abby told her to put her daughter's hair in a bun, she went and got out a baguette. ALEC: The level of that caliber, perhaps. Thank you. I'm here with our star, Abby Lee Miller, Dance Mom, Melissa, and super comedians and fans, Alec Mapa and Nadine Rajabi. The show has become a huge success. And as we all know, imitation, and in this case, parody, is the sincerest form of flattery sometimes. So take a look at this clip from "Dance Moms, The Musical." That girl's a good singer. How funny is that? There were, like, three lyrics to that song. Don't mess with Abby Lee. Do they really need the music in front of them to remember that? NADINE: Right. Like, there were no verses. - It was like, no other words. Don't mess. Don't mess. I got it. There's a really, really good studio in South Carolina. And their big production number this year with 70 kids in it is "Dance Moms." And they took clips from the show, like voice bites from the show. Now, how do you find out about it? Do people send you stuff all the time? ABBY: No. I just I know them, and I've heard through the-- No. I heard through the grapevine. I haven't seen it yet, but I want to see it. ALEC: That's so neat. JEFF: All right. So, Nadine and Alec, I'm gonna mix things up here for a second. I'm going to give you guys 10 seconds each to ask as many questions as you can to Abby. ALEC: All right. okay. JEFF: All right. Nadine, you go first. Go. Who do you think dresses the worst on the show? Kelly. Do you think that Jill kisses your ass because she wants to take Melissa's place? Jill buys nice gifts. Do you think that Jill is a horrible dresser? - No comment. - All right, times up. JEFF: So Alec, I'll give you 10 seconds too. Ready? Go. How do you manage to teach an entire class without ever moving? Because I'm damn good. Which celebrity have you met so far that you were star struck the most about? - Whoopi Goldberg. ALEC: Oh, that's a good one. JEFF: There you go. Time's up. - Oh, rats. JEFF: All right. Okay. Fair enough, fair enough. Whoopi Goldberg's a good one. JEFF: Melissa, here's one for you. Which one of the dance moms do you think has the biggest butt? MELISSA: Well, this is a good question because we see each other a lot, you know, naked. - When? MELISSA: Oh, my gosh. We always walk in each other's rooms when we get ready in the morning. JEFF: We've heard all about your boobs, Melissa. MELISSA: Oh, my gosh. I think Holly probably has the biggest butt. ABBY: No way. Holly's bottom is proportionate with the rest of her-- - Well, her derriere. Kelly? - Right. When she buys all those dresses that she thinks looks fabulous on her, the skirt is up in the back and down in the front. She doesn't, like, have them hemmed correctly. Therefore, by dressing, Kelly has the biggest butt. ALEC: I can't believe that's the one big question in the Twitter-sphere right now. It's, like-- That's the burning question out there. Who has the biggest butt? And that's not even-- that's not even an opinion question. There's, like, reality. I mean, we could whip out a tape measure. JEFF: Another burning question is, will we ever see Abby doing some choreography? Will we ever see you dancing? Well, I mean, that was like my question is, like, we see the end result in the dance competitions. And we see you coach the kids and make adjustments. But we never actually see you do the dance moves yourself. Well, when dancers are auditioning for professional work let's say, here in LA or in New York. You could have somebody that is 75 years old choreographing the show, directing the show. And they say, , glissade, gran jete. You better know what it is, If you have to have somebody get up and do it for you, you're screwed. I mean, I think that we should just get to the point where Abby just starts pointing at people and not even speaking at all. Wouldn't that be the greatest? Yeah. Just telepathically. It's, like, you have to know what I'm thinking. NADINE: With, like, a laser pointer. Some kids would get it, and some kids wouldn't. JEFF: I'm here with the star of our show, Abby Lee Miller, dance mom, Melissa, and superfan comedians, Alec Mapa and Nadine Rajabi. Talking about all things "Dance Moms." Cheers, guys. Now, look, dance has never been hotter. How much of that do you think, Abby, is due to the success of your show? - All of it. - I'll drink to that. ABBY: I have so many parents and children telling me that the child started to dance because of our show. They watch the kids on TV, and they want to get up and do the routines. I believe that every child should dance, for their posture, for their self-esteem, to get in front of a mirror, to get in front of a live audience, to learn theater etiquette. They're learning all of those things in dance class. ALEC: I want to go to dance class right now. NADINE: I do too. I want to do the grand jete. Me too. JEFF: Speaking of the grand jete, why don't we take a look at some of Abby's favorite dances. We put together a selection of clips for you. Take a look. ANNOUNCER: Please welcome Abby Lee Dance Company. ALEC: Oh, the emo dance. NADINE: I love this dance. ANNOUNCER: "I See The Kite Flying." The sky was so blue So good. That it wasn't blue any longer. Every time that sky comes back into my mind, the colors shift. The blue gets bluer and the horizon widens. CHRISTI: When the words start speaking for the group dance, because there is no music, the girls start crawling around on the floor and, like, punching themselves in the face. And I thought, well, okay. At least you're being the best that you can be. ANNOUNCER: Between ages nine to 10, Black Swan. I love the walk out. The walk out, the confident walk out. That's when Chloe was good. ANNOUNCER: This is Maddie performing Helen Keller. Oh, that's my baby. She's like Marlee Matlin on "Dancing with the Stars." She was. Ah. You see her look at-- Ya. ALEC: How are you not a nervous wreck watching that live, in the moment that it happens? NADINE: Can I just go back to, "I See the Kite Flying." First of all, I thought that I was in, like, a speakeasy in Williamsburg and want to just snap it out. ALEC: It was so emo. I thought they were going to start cutting. ALEC: At some point. ABBY: I think somebody was cutting. ALEC: Throughout, the moms are like, what? What's going on? Holly's face was great. NADINE: The Helen Keller was fantastic because she committed. She went full deaf and full blind, because she couldn't find her teddy bear. And it was amazing. ALEC: I love the topical dances, like the texting dance. You know, the dangers of texting. You should get even more political. Like, all the girls should play, like, missiles from North Korea. And I could come in as Kim Jong Un. You know, and have a solo. You could do a dance about gluten allergies. Oh, my God. That would be perfect in LA. The kids could be dressed up as wheat and, like, slices of bread and spaghetti. And some of-- one of the kids could play, like, an intestinal tract that's being attacked by all the gluten, you know? We could do Lindsay Lohan going to rehab again, and the girls can all be the rehab. ALEC: They could all be the different mug shots are Lindsay Lohan. ALEC: Like through the years. Like, they are each had, like, a number in front of them. ABBY: That's kind of what the "I See A Kite" routine is. - The kids are all locked up. ALEC: This show has so many levels. - It's so good. - It's like an onion. Oh, my God. I love it. JEFF: So guys, not everyone who watches the show is an expert. So Alec and Nadine have come up with a cheat sheet of dance moves so you can follow along. You guys want to take it from here. Okay. Yeah. Hit it, hit it. Roll them. Roll the clips. ABBY: That's the PK turn of death. NADINE: I think it's called the spinner. The spinner. The spin-a-roony. ALEC: Oh. okay. This one I call-- I know this one. This one is called the chinny chinny chin. - That's mine. I love that. - Oh. I was either going to call it the chinny chin chin or the bottoms up. Either way, it's uncomfortable for everybody to watch. - Reminds me of prom night. - Right. So you're really tough. Have you ever seen a kid react to you in such a way, like, Oh. I was too tough on that kid. ABBY: Yeah. But I think I'm a very good judge of character. And I know what child can take it and do it in private. And which kid I'm going to go after in front of 800 other people. ALEC: So are your kids the kind of kids that can take criticism? Are they-- they have thick skins? MELISSA: When Abby gives her correction, Maddie fixes it right away. ALEC: She doesn't take it personally, and go off. MELISSA: No. She goes home and works on it. It's kind of crazy how she's a perfectionist. I would take it personally, because I'm a people pleaser. I'm, like, a bottomless pit of need aching to be loved. So, like, if you criticized me, I would disintegrate. I would, like, turn into a pillar of salt. - But aren't you too the Maddies? - Yes, I am. ALEC: I'm a Maddie. Here, here. Here's to Maddie. JEFF: All right. So let's take a look at some fan-favorite costumes. Here we go. One, two, three. Here's our bird. - Here's our bird. - With the bell. Is that a misfire or favorite? I feel like the lion ate the bird in this one. It's like a bird that's already been eaten. - Right. - Yeah. ALEC: She shrunk in the wash. - I'm sorry. NADINE: Like the Shrinky Dinks. You remember? You put them in the oven and they got all-- She heated up. She got a little smaller. Oh, my God. That's amazing. - Oh. - Jetsons. It's Jetsons. It's a little Judy Jetson. - Oh, my gosh. She's so cute. - So cute. I can't. I can't. It's like Judy Jetson meets Hello Kitty. From back to the future. You're not even supposed to be seeing this. It's messing up the space-time continuum completely. ANNOUNCER: Junior Small Groups-- NADINE: Oh, my God. Cyndi Lauper called and wants her hair back. ALEC: Oh. It's the circle of life. Oh, it's Bollywood. . It's Bollywood. This is a dance of your people. Indian, Indian, Indian. Bollywood. There aren't enough people in the group for Bollywood, by the way. She got more crooked every day. ALEC: You do that whole dance-- you choreographed this whole thing by just telling them what to do. Yeah. But they take class, and they are trained in class. Oh. 1940s. They've got the . I heard tell about it. I'm not that old. JEFF: Wow. What do you think? ALEC: How does it feel watching that? Can you remember all the work that you put into it? Yes. It's exhausting. NADINE: I know the costumes vary, but what do they range from? ABBY: Costumes range anywhere from street clothing that I went to the mall and bought. For $50 bucks a kid, up to $350 bucks a kit. We are doing new routines every, single week. So when you see the kids go to competition and they're competing against other studios, those kids at those other studios have been working on those routines for months. Sometimes the costume isn't about the money, but about how quickly we can get them done. We get the music on Tuesday. And Friday, we're on a bus going somewhere. So when I sketch the costume is after I've heard the music, and I know what the theme is going to be. JEFF: I'm here with Abby Lee Miller, the star of "Dance Moms," Melissa, comedian superfans, Alec Mapa and Nadine Rajabi. JEFF: And this is "Dance Moms Chatter." All right. So one of the huge topics that fans love to talk about on the chat sites is Abby, and why we never get to see her showing the girls moves. So you think you've seen it all on "Dance Moms?" Think again. Take a look at this. ABBY: The world was mine to give. I must say, I'm surprised that Abby is up. Abby must really care about this routine. She is actually up and out of her chair. ABBY: You don't understand. I figure it all out ahead of time, before they get in there. And hit it, hit it, hit it. Stroll two, three, four. Grand Plie. - Wow. - Try that. Abby is funny looking when she tries to do hip hop. Cross. turn, bevel. Kiss. I love this one. Dig it. I love that you did that. She really needs to go on a date. Oh here is-- Abby is going to do her drag queen walk. She's revving up from head to toe. Mama's in the house. - Pull down her shirt. - Look. She's got her foot beveled. - Oh, the head's going. - God. The torpedoes are out. Abby loves herself a drag queen dance. - Oh, lord help us all. - Oh, watch out. Everybody get out your mental scrub brush. - Okay. Here she goes. - Oh, my God. I hope you didn't do that for her date. - Oh, the wrists are limp. - Oh, gross. - Whatever that move is-- - Here it comes. Did you see Holly's face? Oh, my God. I think she thinks she looks good doing that stuff. I don't think that looks good. What, what, what? Thank you. She's marking it. She's marking the routine, right? - Listening to some music? - Always. Looks like you're having a good time. Hello. I think that's one of the big things of the show, is that you get so much accomplished without ever moving all that much. It's like if there was a cooking show where somebody stood off to the side and said, a pinch of salt. Add some pepper. Easy with the coriander. And somebody was able to prepare this gourmet meal. - I mean, that's what it's like. NADINE: It's like the IKEA of dancing. It's almost like you could just diagram it, and they do it. ALEC: Like you just shout out the instructions, and these kids do whatever you want. She does that, and people just do things for her. ABBY: I delegate. NADINE: She is the owner. - She's allowed to, right? ABBY: I delegate. That's right. Yeah. But it goes beyond the dance studio, right? ABBY: I've been doing this for 33 years. - I got it down pat. - It's her world. We just live in it. JEFF: Alec and Nadine, I want to thank you guys for being our guests. - You're welcome. JEFF: Before you go. I want to know, do you have any questions you want to ask Abby? Yes. Are you moving to Los Angeles, because I want you to be my neighbor. - She wants to move to Los Angeles. - How about you? My burning question is, how would you rate me and put me in your pyramid, based on today? Oh, I think you'd make the middle tier. But then again, I haven't met your mother. - That's true. - Ah! Nadine and Alec, it's been fantastic having you. I'm Jeff Collins, and this is "Dance Moms Chatter" signing off. Join us next time for more dish and much more drama from "Dance Moms." ABBY: Next on "Dance Moms." ABBY: All of you have the opportunity to come and see me in LA. Maddie came out. We made an agreement. We all stood by that, and you didn't. ABBY: It has to be bigger. It's boring. Boring. She's going to die alone with no friends. I'm sure you wish I would die in a car accident too. ABBY: If you have any regrets about your solo, Maddie, now isn't the time to go out and prove how wonderful you are. I think today proved a lot. I'm done. I'm so over it.
