Coming up on "Dance Moms Reunion" live performances-- Yes!
JEFF COLLINS : --moms are gonna hash it out-- Christi, you're not the victim.
You're the one who had the bruise from punching me.
You still think I'm 12.
I'm 42.
I'm paying you for a service.
KRISTIE: Asia's won-- - She did.
KRISTIE: --seven times for Abby, so get that straight before you talk.
- Woo!
JEFF COLLINS : And Abby has a big surprise.
You owe an apology to that child, okay?
- 'Cause if you want to call it-- ABBY: Okay.
Get off stage.
JEFF: No, no, no.
- Now wait a minute.
JEFF: No, no, no.
- She can sit there-- KELLY: --and say I should be committed as a wacko-- Thank you, 'cause I'm going to dinner.
THEME SONG: Get up.
Get on the floor.
My world is with my girls, living on the dance floor.
Welcome to season 3's "Dance Moms Reunion Show.
We like to call this one "Hurricane Abby.
I'm the executive producer of "Dance Moms," Jeff Collins.
And we've got the eye of the storm herself right here-- Miss Abby Lee Miller, star of our show.
- Hello.
JEFF: How are you?
I'm good, thank you.
JEFF: Well, as we've all seen, this season ended with a category 3 storm that left viewers wondering which moms will survive and which ones are gonna be washed ashore, never to be heard from again.
Plus, we're gonna show you some shocking footage that has never aired.
So let's dive right in and take a look at this clip that sets the stage for what really happened in New Orleans.
Better grab Christi.
She's going nuts.
CHRISTI: Sorry.
I'm a real Dance Mom, and I will stand here.
Why are you yelling at us?
- I'm not.
- You're doing it.
- I'm talking to my friend.
- And you're yelling at her.
- Hush!
- You had too much to drink.
Oh, whatever.
- You've gotta settle it down.
Bitch!
- - Stop, stop.
Stop!
- - Bitch!
kick your ass.
- Stop.
- Stop, stop.
CHRISTI: Ow!
I'm sorry.
Just get-- MAN: Don't hit me.
- Oh, you.
MAN: Leslie!
You bitch.
Well, as you can see, accusations and hurricanes, as in those big giant ones that people drink, flew.
You weren't there.
You didn't see it.
You saw it just now.
What's your reaction?
Those two adults, who should be grateful to me, first and foremost, have not only tarnished my reputation, but they have succeeded in destroying something that it took me 30 years to build.
They are representing me.
They acted like trash in the middle of Bourbon Street, and that's exactly what they are.
All right.
So Abby, let's bring out Leslie and Christi and hear their side of the story.
Aren't you excited to hear this tale?
No.
All right, so listen.
We had to separate them.
Leslie is the only mom not in the green room.
Here seeing each other for the very first time, please welcome Christi and Leslie.
Come on out.
CHRISTI: Hello, Jeff.
JEFF: Hello, ladies.
- Hi, Abby.
- How are you?
Have a seat.
Have a seat, Leslie.
- Hi, Jeff.
Hi, Abby.
- It's good to see you.
All right.
So, Leslie and Christi, we really want to hear your side of the story about what happened.
Tell us what went wrong.
CHRISTI: You know, I don't really know.
We were having fun and it just got ugly.
And I said the next day when we came back to the studio, I shouldn't have done that.
I said, I wish it hadn't gotten to that point.
And I felt bad about it.
It was an ugly thing.
I was wrong at the beginning.
I know I was.
And the police came.
And they wanted me to do certain things.
And I said, you know what?
This isn't what I want to do, and I went home.
And I'm willing to take the ownership that I behaved incorrectly, you know.
But that's just me.
So, Leslie, what do you think?
What's your side of the story?
Well, you're very predictable.
You just sat there and told that whole story to Jeff and you'd never even looked my way to apologize.
CHRISTI: I did look at you.
You weren't looking at me.
You were looking down.
- You're always the victim.
CHRISTI: No, I didn't-- I just took responsibility, Leslie.
But I need to tell you my side of it.
So can you give me a minute and let me speak?
Yeah.
Nobody ever stops you from speaking.
I walked away from you many of times and tried to get out of your path.
And out of nowhere, you just go into this craze, and you did this.
So this has to come deeper within than just me saying, why are you yelling at us?
We didn't do anything wrong.
- No-- LESLIE: It has to go a lot deeper than that, Christi.
Okay, but let's make something very clear, Leslie.
You have been involved in assaults in the past, where I have not.
LESLIE: You're gonna keep bringing that up when I-- CHRISTI: I am.
LESLIE: There you go again.
You're the victim and we're all ganging up on you.
CHRISTI: I know.
- Christi, you're not the victim.
- Neither are you, Leslie.
Because you're the one who had the bruise from punching me.
What were you thinking right before you assaulted me?
CHRISTI: I was talking to my friend.
- What was going through your head?
CHRISTI: I did not assault you.
I threw a drink.
LESLIE: Well, if you look at the law-- - I hit the bottom of your cup.
--throwing alcohol in somebody's eyes is just like punching them with your fist.
CHRISTI: Okay.
- It's that much of a-- All right.
LESLIE: Okay.
I didn't realize that you were a judge.
I had no idea.
- I'm not a judge.
I'm a dance mom.
CHRISTI: Okay.
Can you please-- let's just put it all out on this table right here in front of you.
What-- why am I a threat to you?
- You're not a threat to me.
That's not it.
LESLIE: I'm not a threat to you.
My daughter's not a threat to your daughter.
You're not.
I've been on this Earth longer than you, and I've been fighting for my two girls to get into this industry a lot longer than you have.
- Okay.
LESLIE: Don't forget that.
And I-- - Who cares?
LESLIE: And guess what?
The a difference between you and I is, I don't step on people's backs, I don't burn my bridges, and I don't ever treat people the wrong way, like you do.
Okay.
JEFF: What do you have to say about this, Abby?
Well, the Abby Lee Dance Company has a contract for situations like this.
However, I decided that I had to put my foot down-- that I could no longer look the other way for the sake of the win.
That going to Nationals with a number-- that didn't matter as much as my contract and my reputation and putting my foot down for the future.
You know, when people go and they represent the Abby Lee Dance Company, you're not representing you and her.
They are representing everybody that came before them.
So I looked at the dance, I looked at the kids, and I said, you know what?
They have to go.
Immediately, Leslie was remorseful.
She was humbled by the situation that she took part in.
She apologized.
She apologized to me and to the group.
And Christi has yet to apologize to me or to the dance company.
And frankly, you owe an apology to Chloe.
CHRISTI: Just so I can state for the record-- ABBY: You owe an apology to that child.
CHRISTI: You haven't-- you owe her apology, because she had nothing to do with it.
JEFF: Listen, the New Orleans Police Department was called and some ladies were sent home packing.
So here's what happened next, including some footage you've never seen before today.
So let's take a look at this.
- What am I?
- You're a bitch.
CHRISTI: I'm a mother who's trying to protect her daughter.
What are you?
LESLIE: Look at you.
Look what you're doing.
CHRISTI: Okay.
You know what?
I am calling the police-- LESLIE: You'd better go home.
- --because she hit me.
- You'd better go home!
CHRISTI: Oh, I'm calling the police, baby-- You'd better go home-- better go home.
CHRISTI: --because you hit me.
I'm just warning you, you'd better go home.
CHRISTI: Oh, I'm calling the cops.
Calling the cops, Leslie.
They'd better pull me off of you.
You're acting like a out here.
Yes, I'd like to report an assault in Jackson Square.
Another adult struck me and I'd like to report an assault.
Can I have a cop here please?
All right.
So looking back on that, do you think calling the police was a little bit too far?
Yeah, of course.
I mean, and that's why I didn't go through.
Like, I walked, I talked to them.
I didn't do anything.
And you can believe what you want, but Kelly was in there with me.
And I explained the entire situation to them.
You called the police.
They probably laughed at you and said-- CHRISTI: Uh, no.
Actually-- --why are you calling us when you assaulted this woman first?
No.
The police actually wanted me to take a restraining order out on you-- LESLIE: They probably laughed.
They wanted to?
CHRISTI: --because you threatened to kill me.
LESLIE: You know what?
The truth is, you were wrong.
- I said I was wrong.
- You were wrong to call the police.
And you know what?
Except you won't take any ownership for your behavior.
Leslie, let me ask you a question.
What's been the toughest part for you of dealing with the Dance Moms?
Like especially Christi.
The toughest part is that a group of them can still stick together and back each other up when it's just not the right thing.
I am not out to get anybody or hate anybody or treat anybody different, just because their child is good, or get some opportunity.
Because that's why we're all there.
We wouldn't all be there if that wasn't the case.
And you're not gonna run me out-- I don't want to run you out.
LESLIE: --just like you ran every other mother-- I don't care that you're there.
LESLIE: --who has brought their child there for the same opportunities that you have.
You've run everybody out, including myself.
CHRISTI: No, I haven't.
Christi, what's your biggest issue with Leslie?
What is your biggest overall issue with her?
CHRISTI: You know what?
My biggest issue with Leslie is just the fact-- like, she's very aggressive.
Everything is very in your face.
And like, nobody gets to have an opinion- two cents.
They never get to say anything.
She's right and she just keeps at you and at you and at you.
And like, it's frustrating.
It's frustrating.
You get all of the other moms out here and every single one of them will tell you the exact same thing.
- JEFF: Let's switch gears here for a little bit.
We have a dance that is the perfect follow up to this conversation.
From two moms battling it out to two dancers, please welcome Asia and Mackenzie in a duet called "We Hit Harder.
[MUSIC - JOY CHARITY ENRIQUEZ, "WE HIT HARDER"] Go ahead and take 'em down.
We're going to spin their heads round, round, round.
We're gonna chew 'em up and spit 'em out, y'all.
We're gonna show them what this team is all about.
We're gonna sock it to 'em in the worst way.
We came to steal your fame and take your name.
We came to steal your fame and take your name.
We came to steal your fame and take your name.
Y'all hit hard.
We hit harder-- harder.
Y'all hit hard.
We hit harder-- harder.
Y'all hit hard we hit harder-- harder.
Y'all hit hard.
We hit harder-- harder.
Y'all hit hard.
We hit harder-- harder.
Y'all hit hard.
We hit harder-- harder.
Y'all hit hard.
We hit harder-- harder.
Y'all hit hard.
We hit harder-- harder.
You take the left.
You take the right.
You take the middle.
I got the back.
I said you take the left.
You take the right.
You take the middle.
I got the back.
Now on the count of three, go 'head.
Attack the enemies.
On the count of three, go 'head.
Attack the enemies.
One, two, three, front!
Break!
JEFF: All right.
Well, she's got a lot of 'splaining to do, so let's get her out here and hear her side of the story.
Please welcome Kristie Ray.
So listen, a lot of alliances are always shifting with this company.
And in New Orleans with the whole Christi and Leslie incident, you took sides.
- Correct.
JEFF: Why?
KRISTIE: When you go into a studio, after I saw what I saw, and I see Christi there and no Leslie, I have a problem with that.
There's two people involved.
Two people should be gone.
When I'm sticking up for Leslie because she's not there, all the mothers had a different story.
CHRISTI: That's not my fault that I was sitting there and the other mothers had a different opinion.
That's my point.
CHRISTI: But then-- You should have said right at that point-- - They're afraid to stand up against you.
CHRISTI: No, no.
KRISTIE: You know, when we're out and you're not around, they say you bully them.
ABBY: We're looking at the Tin Man right here.
CHRISTI: You have no idea, Abby.
I'm not one-- ABBY: It's cold.
It's calculated.
It's manipulative.
CHRISTI: Well, you know it's really funny is, she talks about me having no heart, when it's her who's made it a mission to destroy a 12-year-old on television.
- It's not a mission.
CHRISTI: Oh.
You've destroyed your own 12-year-old.
CHRISTI: I just don't put up with your garbage.
And so therefore, in your opinion, I don't have a heart.
JEFF: All right.
well, listen.
Let's watch a clip that may give us some better understanding to Kristie Ray's motives.
KRISTIE: Let's not count it, coat it, and let's tell what really happened-- that this is .
You know it is, okay?
And Leslie's not here to defend herself.
CHRISTI: This has nothing to do with you.
KRISTIE: No, but I'm pissed off when people try to tell a different story when someone's not here to defend themselves.
And this story right here is not how it happened.
You got in her face first.
You can say all you want with words.
But when you directly start it, you'd better be able to back up your She called me a drunk!
Control yourself.
CHRISTI: All right.
Well, you-- KRISTIE: Control yourself.
- You have spoken.
KRISTIE: You know what?
I'm not playing this stupid game that you guys like to play with the manipulation.
You need to settle yourself down.
KRISTIE: No, I don't, because I hate liars.
MELISSA: We don't like to curse.
- Really?
You guys all do except Holly, so don't start acting like you're on this high roll that you don't curse.
JILL: No, we really don't.
She's a liar, and you guys are all backing up the lie.
So, Leslie, when you see that-- you know, Kristie Ray standing up for you-- what do you think?
I appreciate her.
I appreciate that you were there to defend me.
I wasn't there to be able to do it, and someone got my side out there.
And you know what?
Even though that happened, you still never reached out to apologize to me.
So it just shows what kind of person you really are.
And Leslie, it goes both ways.
I do not owe you an apology.
Okay.
JEFF: So with moods and alliances changing at a moment's notice, I guess we'll have to wait till the next season to see who will and who will not still be a part of this group.
Needless to say, the Twitter verse and the blogs were ablaze whenever Abby and Kelly were at odds.
- Good luck, babe.
- Thanks.
I need it.
JEFF: Let's get her out here and hear her side of the story.
It's the mom Abby has known the longest.
Please welcome Kelly to the stage.
So Kelly, you've been more defiant than we've ever seen you before.
You seem to be more than willing to be combative with Abby-- to confront Abby.
What's going on with this new-found confidence?
KELLY: I've made up my mind.
I'm not putting up with what I've been putting up with.
I don't want to fight with Abby.
If my kids have something that they need to do to get ahead in this business, they're gonna do it.
JEFF: Give me an example of that.
Are there things in particular that you're pursuing that she's not happy about?
KELLY: I have Brooke doing a music career.
I want Paige to do modeling.
I'm focusing on my children.
And you know, sometimes my kids have to miss dance class to go and do these other things.
And if that's what it takes, then that's what I'm going to do.
I think Kelly is sounding a little naive.
I just want my kids to be the very best that they can be.
I don't want a one-hit wonder.
Brooke was an amazing dancer and still could be.
So what I'm saying is, don't let this be it.
Let this be just the beginning.
JEFF: So Kelly caused an uproar when she made a very critical decision, quitting the recital.
Let's take a look at Kelly in action.
Or-- KELLY: I love how you volunteered her.
But you notice whenever you asked people, nobody volunteered.
Or she did not volunteer.
You volunteered her.
When any one of these kids were asked to do a new solo, none of them chose to.
That's all I have to say.
Right, they didn't.
So let's do it again.
I'm gonna ask again, and then you say, me.
I'll do "Survivor.
Would anyone like to take the place and do a solo?
Anybody?
Maddie, what?
KELLY: Never in 40 years of being in the Abby Lee Dance Company has anyone been given a solo the day of the recital, ever.
ABBY: You're out.
You're out.
KELLY: Go on.
Call the police.
Get her out of here.
KELLY: I'm done.
ABBY: Get her out of here.
Please, take me.
Let's go.
ABBY: Get her out of this auditorium.
- Let's go.
Let's go.
ABBY: You're finished.
You're out.
KELLY: Thank you.
- Goodbye.
Every single dance concert, you leave.
You're the one that always says that Paige is always the weak link.
Why would you give the weak link in the group the new solo the day of the recital?
Why wouldn't you give it to your star pupil?
Because the new solo was gonna make Paige look great.
- Okay.
ABBY: It was adorable.
Okay, Abby.
ABBY: When I think of '40s pinup girl, I think of Paige.
KELLY: Okay.
JEFF: All right.
Well, listen.
Let's switch gears just a little bit.
This season, Kelly stood her ground with Abby more than ever before-- sometimes to the extreme.
Here's a scene that will help us understand this very complicated relationship.
KELLY: I'm supposed to sit here.
You are no longer a member of the Abby Lee Dance Company.
I'm not moving.
Go around.
KELLY: I could stand here all day.
ABBY: I'm sitting there having this confrontation with Kelly, trying to ignore her.
And now this nincompoop is holding up the entire competition.
She has the social graces of an ant at a picnic.
You really want me to climb over a seat in a dress?
I pay her for her service, and she doesn't know this dance competition.
If I want to go there and I want to support my team, then I'm going.
I'm done taking her .
Right.
There's 1,000 seats in here.
Put your butt in one.
Not this one.
Let's go.
The producers tell me that you stood there for 30 minutes.
- I did.
Yep.
JEFF: It was like a standoff.
I'm just sitting there and the entire judging panel has turned to look at me, including the people in the wings are now looking at me on stage.
We're in Orlando, Florida-- KELLY: Wondering why you wouldn't stand up and let the person in.
That's what you do in an auditorium.
You stand up-- - No, you arrive on time-- KELLY: --and let the other person walk in and sit down.
And if you are late upon arrival-- KELLY: No, you walk in-- --you are seated when there's an intermission.
KELLY: --after the music stops and in between dances.
That's when you go in and sit down, and that is what I did.
And who taught you that, sweetheart?
You.
ABBY: Right.
So I walked in when I was supposed to.
There's 1,000 seats in the auditorium.
KELLY: Theater etiquette-- you still think I'm 12.
I'm 42.
I'm paying you for a service.
I'm not your dance student any longer.
You are not paying me on Sunday to be in a dance competition, or on a Saturday.
KELLY: Okay.
Well, you don't own the thing.
I was there for my children-- - No.
- Right.
- --and my teammates.
So stick your butt in a seat and shut your mouth.
All right.
We're gonna switch gears again.
It's time for some more fun with another performance.
This one has Maddie, Chloe, Brooke, Paige, Nia, and Kendall, with a number called "Gone Too Soon.
[MUSIC - APRIL HIGUERA, "ECHOES"] I hear echoes inside myself.
They're banging the walls for help-- some kind of malady I can't spell eating at my heart, choking on the darkness outside myself.
Can I embrace the moment?
I can't take another wasted day.
I know that I'm so close, 'cause I can taste it.
I'm dazed-- unbroken.
I can fly with anyone.
Oh, I won't waste time.
I won't break.
I hear echoes inside myself.
They're banging the walls for help-- some kind of malady I can't spell eating at my heart, choking on the darkness outside myself, banging the walls to tell me that I'm not an empty shell.
It comes from inside of me.
My reality is nothing I can't be.
Echoes inside myself-- yeah, they're banging the walls to tell me that I don't need no help, 'cause I can be all that I dream inside myself.
So I won't wait.
All right.
Great job, girls.
So, Kelly, everybody is curious about your return to the Abby Lee Studio.
According to Abby herself, you snuck back in.
Let's take a closer look and see what really happened.
- Who are you calling?
- I'm calling Kelly.
- Why?
- Because.
I don't owe you an explanation.
I know you don't, but I think it's rude.
CHRISTI: Kelly?
- Hi.
- Hi, Kel.
CHRISTI: I'm just calling to let you know that Abby's not here.
I don't know where she is.
But anyhow, the girls are learning a group dance.
And since you kind of made your statement that you're back on the team, I don't know if you have plans for your girls to dance this week.
But if you do or if you want them to learn the dance, I would suggest that you get here.
CHRISTI: All right.
I'll talk to you later.
Kelly can come back right now, because Abby's not here.
So she's not facing that big fight at the front door, and her girls can come and dance, which is all Kelly really wanted in the first place.
KELLY: I always come back to the studio, because my girls miss their family.
They have been together since they were three years old.
And as much as Abby doesn't like it, we are part of this team.
Excuse me.
My kids are here to learn the group dance.
So Kelly, why did you come back to the studio?
Because I'm part of the team.
And every single one of the moms and the kids want my kids here.
JEFF: So Leslie, I'm told that you may not agree with this version of the story.
Do you think she came back at the right time?
No.
I think it was wrong for her to show up then.
Why?
LESLIE: Because it was uncomfortable for Payton and I.
We came in to fill in for you and your child.
KELLY: And did I tell Payton and you to leave?
LESLIE: But it still makes her uncomfortable because she's there to take Brooke's spot.
I'm a part of the team.
How many times do you think it takes for you not to be able to come back?
Do we want to bring up why I leave?
ABBY: You are solely responsible.
That's why I leave.
ABBY: It is your behavior.
Because I take responsibility.
You are responsible for their decline in their dancing.
Every time they miss, you're-- And that's why I leave, because you treat them the way you do, so I pull them out.
Let's switch gears for just a second-- - Wacko.
- --and lighten the-- KELLY: Did you just say I should be committed as a wacko?
No.
I said if you want to get off the show, you can.
JEFF: No, no, no.
- Because if you want to call me-- JEFF: No, no, no.
- Now wait a minute.
She can sit there-- Thank you, 'cause I'm going to dinner.
KELLY: --and say I should be committed as a wacko-- - And it's OK?
- No, I did not say that.
I said if you want to get off you can.
KELLY: OK.
Well, I'm not a wacko.
JEFF: All right.
- Your eyes say something different.
OK.
- Good.
- Abby, hold on.
- Party's over.
JEFF: Where are you going?
What's that about?
Every time I say something to Abby about the way she treats my kids, she runs.
JEFF: Well, Hurricane Abby just left.
CHRISTI: Blew out of town.
JEFF: All right.
Well, certainly, we can't go any further without bringing out the other moms, as they're certain to have an opinion on this subject and all subjects.
So Melissa, Jill, and Holly, please come on out.
- Hi, ladies.
- Hi.
- Hello.
- Va-va-voom.
- She wore white.
- There is the team.
JEFF: Welcome, ladies.
All right, so I wanna know.
Let's get right to it.
What do you have to say about Abby's disappearance?
The only thing we asked is that she had the courtesy to give us a call-- JEFF: Right.
--to notify us.
That was the only thing.
That's just what I'm-- - So she didn't.
JILL: Nope.
We didn't-- - She didn't tell you.
- She disappeared.
She just left us high and dry.
How do we feel about this?
Like, she didn't show up for two competitions and she just-- That's just what happens with Kelly.
JEFF: She walked out.
- She just had a little temper tantrum.
I take a little bit different take on all this, though.
You women talk about her.
Your analogies about her-- Have you heard the things that she says about us?
LESLIE: You tell-- you constantly don't want her near your kids.
Whether Abby wasn't by her mother's bedside-- CHRISTI: We never said that.
MELISSA: But you weren't there.
- Because you were not there.
- No, no, no.
LESLIE: You are all hypocrites.
- Gia had not-- One minute, you don't want Abby near your children.
And the next minute you will find every little detail and complain about why she's not there.
JILL: We're not complaining about-- - That's all you did.
- All right.
hold on.
Hold on.
All we wanted was a phone call where she was.
That's it.
JEFF: So Abby didn't show up to two competitions in a row.
Why?
Let's watch a clip which may enlighten us all about what happened.
CHRISTI: Does anybody follow Abby on Instagram?
Abby just put a picture of herself up on Instagram.
HOLLY: Oh, that's really recent.
CHRISTI: Abby's all about making money.
If some competition dangles cash in front of her to go judge a competition, she'll be there.
- Maybe she's at a meet and greet.
- True.
She was out of competition for three hours, so she is very-- JILL: But she didn't to tell us that.
JEFF: All right.
So Christi, now, we understand that you all had a pact regarding Abby's competition show-- CHRISTI: Yes.
- --which is airing now.
So tell us about it.
So we said as a group we were going to not send our children if asked.
And Melissa sent Maddie.
JEFF: So how did you feel?
Did you feel betrayed by Melissa that she broke the pact?
CHRISTI: Absolutely.
Why does there have to be a pact?
MELISSA: Well, there isn't anymore.
I mean-- LESLIE: Why did there have to be a pact that you asked for?
Don't talk about something you don't know about.
- We all follow your rules.
- That's foolish.
Because if there's an opportunity for each one of you girls, Melissa is the smart one.
LESLIE: Yes, you are.
I am gonna take an opportunity.
KRISTIE: Because the children-- LESLIE: Hats off to you.
The children come first, other than a friend.
LESLIE: You're the smart one.
HOLLY: The only issue we had with Melissa, to be honest with you, was if she was inclined to do it, she should have just been upfront.
That's it.
All right.
Well, let's watch this clip to see how the moms really felt about Melissa's decision.
You know what I think is really sad is that you point blank said to all of us that when the children were invited, that you were not gonna to send Maddie.
But then you screwed the group.
When we made an agreement about what we were gonna do with the girls, we all stood by that, and you didn't.
KELLY: Melissa, if I would have disobeyed the group and went and had Brooke do it-- HOLLY: Brooke would be in much better standing.
Brooke wouldn't have been at the bottom of the pyramid this week, I can guarantee you that.
But I didn't do that, because I'm a team player.
You know what?
That's my choice as a mother.
CHRISTI: So basically, your choice as a mother is dance trumps all.
Just to be clear.
CHRISTI: Well-- - That's funny.
Why is that funny?
MELISSA: Because you know Christi sneaks all the time.
- You said it.
KELLY: No.
I'm saying I wouldn't do it.
MELISSA: Oh, OK.
CHRISTI: What do I sneak about?
MELISSA: What do you mean?
You talk to everybody.
Give me a break.
If you could sleep with Abby, you would and you know it.
Oh, yeah.
Well, that's how you tend to get ahead in life, Melissa.
Oh, yeah.
I sleep with everybody.
You do-- boss.
I've never slept with my boss.
Yes, you did.
You married him.
Yes, I married Greg after-- Yeah, after you slept with him and had an affair when he had a wife.
MELISSA: I did not.
- And you had a husband.
MELISSA: Guess what?
I didn't sleep with him, and don't start with me again, Christi.
CHRISTI: You did.
- You know what?
I'm-- I know.
Storm out-- we love it.
MELISSA: Oh, I am storming out, because this is not being brought up.
Screw you.
CHRISTI: I know.
- I did not sleep with my boss.
- All right.
I'm quite fine with it.
- You want to play those games?
What's wrong?
JILL: She has to live with the decision she made.
HOLLY: I'm like, that doesn't-- I'm not gonna sit up here make this easy on her.
She didn't make it easy on any of those six little girls.
She knew she had that coming.
So Melissa, why'd you break the pact?
My daughter wants to dance professionally, so I have to take opportunities.
This pisses me off.
Why should I even be in a pact with you guys when you talk bad about my husband and me and me having an affair, which I did not.
You-- Melissa, you seem really angry at Christi.
Like-- MELISSA: I was pissed that she said that about my husband, because-- JEFF: Right.
- --that has nothing to do with dance.
And she doesn't have any correct information.
- That's shows her character.
JEFF: A low blow.
MELISSA: That's a low blow.
- You should be upset.
MELISSA: I am.
- That shows her character.
You should be upset.
- It's a low blow.
And I think, you know what?
Leave my husband out of it.
JEFF: And speaking of betrayal, it was not just Melissa.
Jill also angered the moms-- namely, Christi Lukasiak, when she said she'd do the same.
Take a look at this.
I think both of you have seen how well it works for Melissa to do whatever Abby wants to keep their kids in her good graces.
And I think that you both are headed down that path.
HOLLY: Are you insane?
- No.
Absolutely not.
When we all agreed not to send our kids to Abby's West Coast competition, I said to all of you on the phone, I was asked.
Here and now, I said no.
So I need all of you to guarantee, if you're asked, you're gonna say no.
Abby did ask Kendall to go.
She didn't ask her to perform.
So I said no.
I'm not gonna go and not perform.
But if she would have been asked to perform?
I can't say that.
Probably not.
CHRISTI: It's time for me to kick this bitch out.
You need you see yourself to the door.
JILL: What?
HOLLY: Did you just say that?
Why do you want to be divided all the time?
CHRISTI: I'm not divided all the time.
I didn't lay down the gauntlet.
What's the gauntlet thing?
Stop talking.
I'm walking out.
Why?
Don't tell me to stop talking.
- Don't leave.
CHRISTI: I'm done.
Jill?
JILL: Well, it speaks for itself.
If Kendall had the opportunity to dance on Abby's Ultimate Competition Show and promote herself, I probably would have sent her, yes.
Regardless of whatever a parent decides to do for their child, you're a parent.
That's your decision.
The only thing is, just be upfront and honest and be a person of your word.
Your word means a tremendous amount to me.
We make decisions as a group about a lot of things, and there's a lot of times that you do what you want to do-- Absolutely.
CHRISTI: --you do what what you want to do, you do what you want to do, and it has nothing to do with what I say to do, because-- I think that there's a misconception out here that I tell you all what to do.
We talk about these things all the time.
So far, we've talked about Christi Kulasiak versus Leslie and Abby versus Kelly.
So what's left?
Jill versus Kristie Ray, of course.
Let's take a look as these two headstrong moms battled it out.
Asia's gonna work.
JILL: OK.
Let me get this straight to you.
Asia's gonna work and take jobs and train whenever she can.
So if you have a problem with that-- I don't have a problem with that.
Well, obviously you do.
You just said, you weren't here.
So you have a problem with it.
If you're telling me that you-- You-- did you not hear me say-- I didn't hear you because you're switching.
JILL: --I had a problem with where she was on the pyramid?
KRISTIE: I know.
- I don't care where the you were.
- Excuse me?
- Did you hear me?
Whoa, whoa!
Oh!
Whoa!
Look at Jill drop the F-bomb.
You're screwed in the head.
No, you're a hot mess, because now you're dropping F-bombs.
Well, OK.
I think you're a hot mess.
You only get mad when you're wrong.
Nope.
My favorite part is, whoa, whoa!
MELISSA: Well, "nope" is one of our words that we use.
KRISTIE: Well, because I'm not allowed to drop the F-bombs, so-- Well, we're not allowed to either, so-- Kristie, I've got-- I've got a question for Kristie.
Some fans consider Jill to be a little bit pushy.
How do you describe her?
KRISTIE: My interaction with Jill is always repeating myself.
I think she needs to concentrate on Kendall and not me and Asia and she'll be less miserable.
JEFF: So Jill, why do you think Kristie Ray bailed on the Dance Moms just before the Nationals?
JILL: Oh, I know why.
She got a better offer.
KRISTIE: Mm-hmm.
I did.
- She used our kids.
She used Abby.
KRISTIE: Um, excuse me.
Excuse me.
- Go ahead.
- Let me put it straight to you.
I am not using your kid, and especially not your kid.
JILL: Not my kid-- the team.
- Asia-- OK.
JILL: Abby.
- I'm not using the team.
Guess what?
- You do.
KRISTIE: Asia's won seven times for Abby.
- Woo-hoo!!
KRISTIE: So get that straight before you talk and run your mouth.
- OK.
- What she said.
Yes.
JILL: OK.
Yeah, I know.
I know how this is like a little team now.
LESLIE: Well, how did Brooke get on the pyramid when Payton danced and she left the team to go cheer lead?
It's the same thing.
I didn't say a word.
MELISSA: She was at the end.
She was last.
Yeah.
Payton wasn't even on the pyramid, and she danced with you guys that week.
- Because she's not a part of the team.
LESLIE: But you didn't think anything was wrong with that, though.
- But Asia was training.
- But Asia was on the team.
See, when people call you women out-- - But Asia was training.
--on your delusional thoughts, you have a problem with it.
JILL: It's not delusional.
It was a fact.
LESLIE: That you gave anybody that comes onto this team-- any mom and child who is here for the same reasons that you are-- that you don't want it.
You really don't want anybody else into your pack.
Next subject-- two moms who didn't exactly see eye to eye are Holly and Leslie.
Holly, you formed a strong opinion about Leslie, saying that she didn't fit in.
All right.
Well, let's take a closer look at Holly and Leslie's very different parenting methods and you can make your own decision.
LESLIE: You wouldn't like me on this team anyway, though, because I would do everything for my kid.
I won't hurt your kids.
But if my child gets an opportunity, I'm taking it.
HOLLY: We're not just raising dancers.
We're raising people.
No matter how much I want Nia to succeed in life, if she's not a good person, then I have failed.
And that might be the reason why Leslie doesn't quite fit in here.
Even Melissa and Jill, the biggest Dance Moms around, want more for their daughters than stardom or fame.
I'd rather be who I am and be not a success on Broadway, because I can look myself in the mirror-- KELLY: Exactly, Holly.
- --for that dance on the stage.
LESLIE: When opportunity comes knocking, you'd better take advantage of it.
- What kind of kid are you raising?
- I want my daughter to have this.
Shame on you.
So Leslie, what do you think when you see that?
Do you think Holly's parenting skills are soft?
No, I just think it's taken out of context.
I think she doesn't understand me.
I will never be a mean person, but I will lay it out on the line.
From the very beginning, Holly, I am here for-- to get Payton ahead.
HOLLY: You shouldn't have to compromise character to get ahead and be successful.
There are values.
There's a moral fiber that as mothers, we need to equip our daughters with.
I don't think any one of these kids are ruthless.
I think the parents might be, but it doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
- I don't think we're ruthless.
Who here is ruthless?
It matters what the child wants.
JEFF: All right.
It's time for another incredible dance number, and it's an aptly-named one for this "Hurricane Abby Reunion.
It's a solo by Maddie called "Drowning.
So I know that this might calm down and I know I could sink and not drown.
But treading all night's getting old and sunrise these days leaves me cold.
I know I can turn this around.
'Cause when I cut your lifeline, I started falling so far, I couldn't look back.
When I cut your lifeline, you were calling so hard and I couldn't shout back.
JEFF: All right.
Great job, Maddie.
So I've just been backstage and I understand that we've come to an agreement to have Abby come back.
And Kelly, unfortunately, I need to ask you to leave, because that was the agreement that we came to.
- OK.
- Can I go too?
JEFF: No, you may not.
We're gonna find out Abby's side of the story, but we would prefer that you excuse yourself at this point.
JILL: OK.
- So thank you very much for coming.
JEFF: Here she is.
She's back-- - Hello!
Abby Lee Miller.
Have a seat.
All right.
So as you can see, Abby's come back to join us.
I asked Kelly to leave so that we could come back and hear your side of the story, because I know she upset you, you know, when she was out here before.
- No.
She just is always the victim and everybody is mean to her kids.
I love those two kids like they were my own.
She has put this wedge in between us.
You have to put the work in.
JEFF: So you feel like you're still back in the role of the teacher, and she feels like you're being unfair.
Well, everyone whose kid's not winning and not on top always thinks I'm unfair.
JEFF: If we're all being honest here, the moms have an issue with you getting up and walking off the show.
Because they say that you're always trying to tell the kids that you have to do your job.
The show must go on.
There's a work ethic.
And you didn't show up to two competitions this year, and you just got up and walked off your own show.
I know.
JEFF: Holly?
You're the leader of this organization-- of this team.
You set the example and the girls follow you.
Right, Holly.
So for you to walk off, they think it's OK.
And that's because their leader is walking or doesn't show up.
Well, you know what, Holly?
Every woman has a right to change their mind, number one.
- I agree with that.
- And I've been doing this for 33 years.
Mm-hmm.
Let's say for 25 of those years, I put my life on the back burner.
I put my aspirations aside for other people's children.
HOLLY: Well, without the explanation of why you're walking off and doing those things, they don't know the reason why you're doing those things.
So give them a context, like this is the reason why I walked off.
That's what they need to hear from you because you're their leader, so just to-- ABBY: OK, Holly.
I'll write it all down for Nia.
She'll get it.
JEFF: All right.
On that note, we've been teasing it throughout the episode and it's finally time to reveal the big news Abby has.
ABBY: My big news is this season, we will be auditioning nationwide for new members of the Abby Lee Dance Company.
We're taking it on tour.
We're gonna be in four huge cities just to audition for the new Abby's Ultimate Dance Competition.
And then we're also going to be auditioning for members of the Abby Lee Dance Company Elite Competition Team.
So when we go to a city to attend the competition, I will be hosting an open call.
That's great.
I think that's great.
JILL: When you-- do you consider this team elite?
Are you talking about older children?
Or is-- ABBY: You remember back when we were at Nationals and Chloe had to leave with her mom and Kendall got the solo.
She had this amazing breakthrough.
She was absolutely stunning and gorgeous on stage, and she knew it when she was out there performing.
She was in her element.
Then she didn't show up for Booty Camp.
- She missed all the rehearsals-- - No.
ABBY: All the lessons-- she's right back at the bottom, Jill.
You screwed up big time.
JILL: OK.
No, I didn't.
And I'm waiting for someone to take her place.
I took a family vacation for five days.
ABBY: Yeah, but you picked the wrong five days, sweetheart.
She had five days left of summer because of all this.
Well, you know what?
JILL: I'm sorry, but she wasn't the only one who missed.
JEFF: All right.
Well, this next performance is one that's very special to us.
It's Brooke's national TV singing debut.
- Ooh!
Performing here her new hit single, "I Hurt," put your hands together for Brooke.
I keep moving, going through the motions.
Step by step, doing what I'm told.
The lights are on me.
Everybody's watching, but nobody knows who I am, 'cause I hurt.
Yeah, I hurt all over my body.
I dance, I just dance to get through.
Yeah, I hurt.
Yeah, it hurts all over my body.
But hurts most waiting for you, waiting for you-- waiting for you.
I just keep dancing on, dancing to different songs.
I just keep moving on, even when you have gone, 'cause I hurt.
Yeah, I hurt all over my body.
I dance.
I just dance to get through.
Yeah, I hurt.
Yeah, it hurts all over my body.
But hurts most waiting for you, waiting for you-- waiting for you.
I'm waiting for you-- just waiting for you, just waiting for you.
JEFF: Thank you, Brooke.
That was really beautiful.
Great job.
And great job to Abby and the moms and their talented daughters for an incredibly rocky but incredibly entertaining season.
Until next time, thank you and thanks for watching.
THEME SONG: Living on the dance floor.
