ABBY: Previously on "Dance Moms"-- -I got married!
CHRISTI: Wait, what?
I'm dismissing you today.
-Don't slam my door.
-I'll slam whatever I want.
I keep moving your opposite Maddie, and you keep moving.
Wake up!
This is what she does to you every week, and you let her psyche you out.
Abby, your guest is here.
-Is she fabulous?
GIANNA: Yeah.
There is some hairogrophy going on down there!
ABBY: Chloe, that was inappropriate.
These are your girls.
This is your name on their backs.
I'm really nervous.
ABBY: Coming up on "Dance Moms"-- We have a new member of the team.
Asia will be joining the Abby Lee Dance Company, and I want to warn you.
Here's your choreographer for this week.
She is not going to stuff her dog.
I'm sorry.
CHRISTI: Now that we know that you don't want us to be honest and express our feelings, we'll make sure we don't do that in front of you.
You need to stay focused.
And we need to take this opportunity to stay here.
You make an ass of yourself!
Do you think I'm giving up my whole life to deal with that piece of crap?
No!
She has dirt under my feet!
Get up!
Get on the floor!
My world is with my girls, living on the dance floor.
ABBY: Come on, girls!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Come on!
Congratulations!
Another good weekend.
ANNOUNCER: And in first place, entry number 76, "Gold Digger.
ABBY: You were the Overall High Score Junior Group.
That's important.
That's where we wanted to be.
We wanted to be number one.
We're on a winning streak, and I want it to continue.
Let's get to the pyramid.
I'm going to start on top because that's easy.
Maddie.
Maddie, you were the overall high score.
I gave you a job to do, to teach your sister, and to make sure that she could keep up with you.
And that's what you did.
You took charge.
And next on the pyramid, Paige.
You did a great job.
It was darling.
PAIGE: Miss Abby always says it's harder to get on top of the pyramid, but it's tougher to stay there.
And I showed her that I could stay there.
ABBY: Next, Kendall.
Kendall, you were third place, overall.
Hey, it wasn't second.
Thank goodness.
Of course Abby tries to motivate in a negative way.
I believe in Kendall.
She's trying as hard as she can.
And she will only get better day after day after day.
ABBY: We have Chloe.
Chloe, you were the first Overall High Score in the Junior Solo Division.
CHRISTI: She won First Overall in her first solo back.
I think Chloe deserves to be higher.
And next, Nia.
Now, Nia, once again, you flew under the radar.
You didn't draw my eyes in a negative way.
That's very admirable.
Next, Mackenzie.
I will stand by my decision that you should not have been in the group number.
MELISSA: It would have been nice to see Maddie and Mackenzie together at the top of the pyramid.
But I know that Mackenzie did make a few little mistakes, so she had to be put down a few notches.
And next, finally, Brooke.
Brooke, you're here because you obviously didn't dance.
You had a nice little vacation.
MELISSA: That was no vacation, Abby.
It was more like a leave of absence.
You forced Brooke to take the week off, and now you put her at the bottom of the pyramid like it's her fault.
ABBY: Now, you see another picture.
MELISSA: There's an extra person on the pyramid.
I have no idea who this is, no clue.
We have a new member of the team.
She made the commitment, and now Asia will be joining the Abby Lee Dance Company.
JILL: She might be amazing.
It doesn't matter to me.
We really don't need another team member.
We don't need her.
ABBY: She was a contestant in the Ultimate Competition that I judged this summer.
Her mother, she signed the same contract that you guys signed.
She is here for the duration.
She wants my tutelage.
I do not think there's enough competition among you.
I don't think you challenge each other enough.
And I want to warn you, I don't want to hear one word about anybody chasing this woman out.
Now we are going to...
Energy Dance in Highland, Michigan.
And I know, for a fact, that the Wicked Witch of the West and her crappy little apples are going to be there.
You are the reigning National Winners for Energy Dance.
You cannot walk in there this weekend any less.
That evil, conniving, purse swinging troll is going to be there this weekend.
I want to send her home crying.
That's what she deserves.
We are doing a group routine.
And the title of the routine is "Return to Grace.
This is a very mature routine.
It's about reincarnation.
That group routine will be without Mackenzie and without Asia.
This week's subject matter is very serious.
So I'm going to let Mackenzie and Asia both sit this one out.
With Mackenzie's foot being a little iffy, and Asia's brand new to the team, I don't need the two of them screwing this number up.
I have a trio.
And my trio is going to Kendall, Maddie and Chloe.
This is a jazz trio.
It's high energy.
It's called "We Believe.
And I have one solo, and that we'll be going to Asia.
And she will be competing in the Mini Division.
Asia is a brand new student here at the Abby Lee Dance Company, so what better way to analyze her talent than giving her a solo?
Ladies, spread apart.
We're gonna start on the left side today.
All right, girls, "Return to Grace.
So you were sad, you had the blues, it was down and out.
You come back, and everything is fabulous.
So where-- I want to meet this new dance mom.
Don't worry.
I think your chance is coming.
Push, down, down.
Yes.
Everybody's here.
Our team's in tact.
I thought this was the team.
This was her dream team.
Roll.
Hide.
This week's group number is about reincarnation, about coming back better, stronger than ever.
Coupe, rond de jombe.
Run, run, jeté.
Change directions.
Run, run.
This routine is going to say we are the reigning national winners, and those apple core boys have nothing on us.
Does anybody believe in reincarnation?
I don't think I do.
Do you, Holly?
If we came back reincarnated, what would you want to come back as?
I certainly wouldn't come back as a member of the Abby Lee Dance Company.
That's for sure.
CATHY: Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Let's go.
Come on.
We lost, didn't we?
We're number two.
We try harder, and I'm about tired of having that is my motto.
After going against Abby at the last competition, we are now one and two.
I'm going to have to continue to evolve my group to figure out how we consistently win.
Let's take a look at the pyramid.
We've got Brandon.
Brandon, you, to me, are the well-rounded dancer.
Next, Zack.
You're my Zack Attack.
Zack is back.
Next, Gino.
You are my little fire and ice, and I need you to keep it up.
And at the top, Nick.
You're a newcomer, but I was impressed with the skills that I saw the last time that we competed.
With that being said, my choreographer, which I want to introduce him to you right now, he was a Mr.
Dance of America, which is a spectacular title to have.
And he's just awesome.
Everybody, here is your choreographer for this week.
John.
My guest choreographer this week is John Culbertson.
The funny thing about John, however, is that he's very good friends with Abby.
This is going to rock Abby's world.
-We're here to win.
-Win!
Did you hear that?
Win, that's the word of the week.
Dancers, go get warmed up.
John, go ahead and talk to them.
Thank you.
ABBY: Melissa!
MELISSA: Yeah?
-Hi, Ab.
Good.
How are you?
-Hey, how you doing?
Good.
I know this whole thing with Baby...
maybe I'm a little crazy.
It's been a few weeks since Broadway Baby got sick and passed away.
And I'm still dealing with it.
But people have had dogs, you know, they-- their dog, they-- they put it down and then they get another one.
And I'm like, I just can't do that.
-There's no way.
-I'm with you.
So I'm still trying to figure out what I'm going to do with Baby.
-But look at this baby doll.
MELISSA: Aw.
I mean, look at her.
She looks like a stuffed animal, doesn't she?
Isn't she so sweet?
And that eyes and her nose, and I-- You know, go to a reputable taxidermy place...
ABBY: Maybe, just maybe, I'll have a little bit of her to carry with me wherever I go.
-Picture-- look how cute.
-She looks so cute.
Abby loved her dog.
And she's going to be able to see her every day.
Maybe some people think it's crazy, but that's her baby.
What were you doing, Melissa?
What's going on?
Abby just wanted to tell me what she's going to be doing with Baby.
What do you mean?
Abby's going to take her to a-- a preservationist.
What the hell is that, like, a taxidermy place?
Mm-hmm.
She is not going to stuff her dog.
The woman has lost-- Well, she needs something to cuddle at night.
Looks like the ALDC has a new mascot, and we'll carry it along to all the competitions like, here you go.
Here's your lucky charm.
Give her head a rub.
Now, this is a jazz trio.
It's not contemporary.
It's not lyrical.
It is high energy jazz.
Your dance needs to be as strong and as confident at the very end as it is at the very beginning.
We have a great jazz dance this week.
This is a clean, sharp routine.
It's like, leap, land, cut.
They're going to sizzle in these hot orange costumes, and they're going to go out there and say, we can do it all.
Run, run, leap, through, strut.
Go!
You're taking too long to get there.
Go, again.
Girls, I'll tell you what.
The boys are going to be there.
They're probably going to have a duet or a trio against you.
Do you believe?
I'm not so sure I'm believing.
Everybody has to have the face, and everybody has to have the what?
ABBY: Stamina.
You're dismissed.
Well, I can imagine that Asia's gonna be moving up the pyramid pretty quickly.
-I can guarantee that.
-I-- I have no idea who this kid is.
Oh, look.
She's in a cage.
KELLY: Oh, my god.
CHRISTI: Oh, my god.
MELISSA: She's, like a little wild animal coming out of a cage.
She hasn't done a single leap or turn.
KELLY: I could tell that Melissa's nervous about Asia.
I mean, Mackenzie and Asia are the same size.
And with Mackenzie's foot bothering her, maybe Abby's bringing Asia in for a permanent replacement.
Who is ready to meet the new kid?
Kenzie is, I think.
Yeah.
I'd like to meet her and see what she's going to bring to our team.
I know the kids are looking forward to meeting Asia.
But, to be honest with you, I'm not really looking forward to meeting Kristie.
I don't believe we need another new student and another mom.
KRISTIE: Hello!
-Hello!
How are you, sweetheart?
-Come here!
-Go.
Give hugs.
How are you?
Ooh!
-Hello, Miss Abby.
I'm great.
-And how are you?
I can't believe Asia and her mom, Kristie, are actually here in my studio.
I am ready to work with Asia.
I hope she can handle my tough love.
Asia is so excited to be working with you.
We're here to work, right?
ABBY: Now, remember, they're evil-- The girls are sweet as pie.
I'm hoping that you are here to follow my rules, not to question me.
That's what the other mothers are all about.
KRISTIE: I'm bringing Asia here to train with Abby because Asia wants to be here.
Say hi, girls!
Come on in.
Come on in.
Everybody, this is Asia.
-Hi.
-And this is Kristie.
HOLLY: Hi.
How are you?
KELLY: Two Kristies?
I don't know that the world can handle two Kristies.
ABBY: Let's see how you match up with Mackenzie.
Mackenzie is a smart little kid.
I think she's going to keep this new lil' friend close and her enemies closer.
KELLY: I know deep down inside, Melissa's nervous.
Here's this little girl comes in and she's going out and she's doing a solo this week.
Mackenzie is not even dancing this week.
She's not even in the group dance.
So you are not in the group dance.
Mackenzie is not in it, either.
It's a little bit of a more mature subject matter.
You will be doing a solo, also.
KRISTIE: You excited?
ASIA: Yes.
You guys can get to know each other.
I can't imagine Abby ever replacing Mackenzie.
But then I'm thinking, why is Asia here?
What is her purpose?
She has to have a purpose.
Why is she adding her to the team?
JOHN: --seven, eight.
Shoot, pull, and up.
And, go!
Joom and a boom.
Ha!
CATHY: This week we're pulling out all the stops for the competition against Abby.
Not only do I have her best friend, John Culbertson, choreographing for me, but we have a new dancer, Sam, that's going to do a hot and sassy duet with Gino.
JOHN: Together!
CATHY: And for the group we'll be doing a contemporary piece called "Machine Lines," a wonderful piece of choreography depicting the Depression era.
I want, like, sharp hands, like, very guyish and-- CATHY: I am expecting a successful weekend.
Abby isn't going to know what hit her.
Drop.
Boom.
Dun, dun, dun.
You guys sure dished it out to me.
You better dish it out.
The moms gave me such a hard time when I came to ALDC.
They had better give Kristie just the same amount of trouble they gave me.
-Can I sit right here?
MELISSA: Yeah.
Sure.
MELISSA: We need to hide your skinniness amongst us.
JILL: We nicknamed you Skinny Kristie.
KRISTIE: Oh, great.
KELLY: Ha!
You're Fat Christi!
There is only room for one Christi at the Abby Lee Dance Company, and that role has been filled.
-So when did you get into town?
KRISTIE: This morning.
-Oh, gosh, you just got in.
-And-- but we just came from Korea.
-But I had to stop-- -You were in Korea?
Yeah.
Asia's been working in Korea.
She was on a TV show.
She got booked out so much, that there was no way that she could compete.
-Wait, wait, wait.
She got booked out?
-For jobs.
HOLLY: They don't have any teachers of Abby's caliber in your area?
KRISTIE: You know what?
I think her and Abby bonded.
And Asia loves Abby.
And she works better with teachers that are on her, and she asked if she could see Abby again.
And so we're here.
You guys moved to Pittsburgh, which is great.
We're happy to have you.
But that means no high tailing it out for other jobs.
JILL: No dancing anywhere in the United States.
No ballet school somewhere, none of that.
And get ready for the freezing, yucky weather.
You are committed to this studio for a year.
And if you leave, you owe her $100,000 cash.
Well, thank God I have $100,000.
These moms are trying to scare me off right now.
And what they don't know is that I'm not intimidated, and I'm here to stay.
So they can just move on.
Asia!
Let's go.
Asia is doing a solo to the music "Rock That.
And, honey, she can rock it out.
But can she straighten her legs and point her feet?
We'll have to see.
Watch me.
Hit that, hit that.
Ding!
She looks kind of, um, naughty.
ABBY: Arms, up!
Your feet are so sickled, your knees are knocking.
Crawl, crawl, ding!
Asia it's like dynamite exploding on stage.
And I want her to scale it back a bit.
So, Asia, I want to see cute, I want to see fluffy, and I want to see a puppy dog.
MELISSA: Is this her style, this sassy-- Yeah.
She's a more of a fierce dancer.
She's never been a cutesy dancer.
You have one more day to work on this, and that's it.
You have to learn your solos in the day.
That's what we do at the Abby Lee Dance Company.
She's a cute little girl.
She really is cute.
You want to see me rock that?
ABBY: The first day at a new dance studio can be difficult for anyone.
I want to find out from Kristie how the other moms are treating her?
If they so much is look at Kristie wrong, watch out.
First of all, I don't like somebody coming in here with my name.
KELLY: You talk about Melissa having boobs-- She has cantaloupes.
-She was not born with those.
-Mine are real.
KELLY: Let me clue y'all in!
MELISSA: I'll show you, no scars.
You've seen them all.
What was your overall impression of these mothers.
Do tell.
Being around them now for this short time, there's so many complaints.
Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum-- they're miserable.
You know, I'm open to any questions, and I didn't have a problem with them.
But I did feel that they had the most questions.
Christi with a C, she thinks that she's being replaced.
She knows that I want her out, big time.
Oh, okay.
If you have any issues with any of the moms, you come to me.
Woo-wee!
-Thank you, Jim!
-You're welcome.
We need to live in Florida or something.
I hate this cold whether.
All righty!
JILL: Uh-oh.
What?
JILL: I think you're in my seat.
I'm in your seat?
JILL: You're in my seat.
KRISTIE: Good, because I didn't like this seat, anyways.
JILL: Oh, good.
Good.
Then everybody's happy.
-Something's wrong with this seat.
-Everybody is happy.
Okay.
I'm going to sit right here, then.
-I think maybe-- -I'm going to sit up here.
-Well, I think that's Melissa's seat.
No, up there.
JILL: I think you have to be here.
-Yeah.
Okay.
Good, good, good.
-Okay.
Thank you.
It's important for me to maintain my status on the bus.
This is my seat.
She's going to have to find her own.
Why is Abby not here?
I thought she was coming with us.
ABBY: Wow.
ABBY: While the moms and the kids are headed to the competition, I'm taking a little side trip.
I've been contemplating what I'm going to do with Broadway Baby, so I'm going to meet with a man to find out exactly what my options are.
This is the best situation for me.
You know, I want to have her with me.
TAXIDERMIST: Well, the pictures are great and it really helps me.
- I'm sorry.
-No, it's okay.
We're going to do everything we can to keep those memories fresh and, uh, ring a sense of comfort back to you.
ABBY: This is a monumental decision for me.
And I still don't know if it's the right one or not.
But at least Broadway Baby will be with me forever.
Come girls!
So we're here in Highland, Michigan.
We're all excited.
We're in the dressing room, getting ready.
Abby's still not here yet, so we're kind of getting a little nervous.
I hope Abby is not sad when she comes in today, you know, going to the taxidermy for her dog.
KELLY: Hug it.
And Nia wanted to know if she was bringing it here.
CHRISTI: - I hope not.
Baby was like her child, so it's just the shell.
It's just-- and it's probably-- there wasn't much fur left, anyway.
So who knows?
And what was left, you're wearing.
Melissa, are you-- do you miss Kenzie?
She's hurting right now.
CHRISTI: So Mackenzie didn't join us this weekend.
And it just so happens that this is the weekend that Asia's making her big ALDC debut.
Something tells me that Melissa is going to do everything she can to keep Mackenzie away from Asia.
KRISTIE: What's wrong?
- She hurt-- - She has an extra bone in her foot.
KELLY: Oh, I didn't know that.
CHRISTI: Well, doesn't it make you nervous at all that, like, last week Abby really didn't want Kenzie to do the group.
And then this week she brings in someone that's her age and gives her a solo and then leaves her at home?
MELISSA: No, not at all.
KRISTIE: So is that a-- Is that an ongoing injury?
CHRISTI: I don't know, Melissa.
It just happened a couple weeks ago.
CHRISTI: I just know that when Sophia was here, if Abby would've told you to leave Maddie at home, you would've had a fit.
- That would've been a different thing.
- But why is it different?
I just know you, and I know that you would have never let Maddie stay at home.
- No.
But they're two different people.
Maddie would've never wanted to let her team-- like, this is her girls, Maddie.
You know?
So no, I'm fine.
I'm fine with it.
JILL: So what are you saying?
You think Abby's-- CHRISTI: Well, I don't know.
You never know with Abby.
JILL: --feeling Asia out to take Mackenzie's place?
You never know.
You never know.
- Do you feel that, Melissa?
- Not at all.
These moms are always trying to get me worked up.
Mackenzie is not going to be replaced by Asia.
They need to worry about their kids and not about mine.
ABBY: I have had one heck of a week.
I had some personal issues I had to deal with concerning Broadway Baby.
It was very emotional.
It was very upsetting.
And now I'm here.
I'm ready to go.
I'm here for my students.
Let's show Abby your costume.
- Perfect.
That's great.
- Like it?
Okay.
ABBY: Good.
Head, back.
Turn the glissade out.
CHRISTI: I think Melissa is the mom that's clearly the most upset about Asia being here because she's a direct threat to Mackenzie.
But Melissa will never admit that.
We ready?
KRISTIE: Asia, come here.
Hey, you got to realize why we're here.
Right?
We came to train with Abby.
You know Mackenzie's hurt.
She has a bad foot.
We got to take advantage, but you need to stay focused and we need to take this opportunity to stay here.
- Okay?
All right.
High five.
- Okay.
CATHY: There's a dance teacher in our area whose kid up and went to New York City with him while he was in "Boy From Oz.
Yeah.
- Stretch it out.
Stretch it out.
JOHN: Hey, Abby.
How are you?
Good to see you.
John is a brilliant, brilliant choreographer.
He's a great guy, and one of my dearest friends.
You know what, Cathy?
You could try to hire every friend I have.
But when it comes down to training kids, you suck.
Muah!
Love you.
Okay.
Let's go.
Come on.
CATHY: Abby sees John and she's all happy go and lovey dovey.
But I know that it's a big facade.
She doesn't want to show that it's bothering her.
But I know.
I'm in her head.
KRISTIE: It's very important this week for Asia to do well in her solo.
She just needs to bring it.
Even though she's younger than Mackenzie, I think she's more entertaining.
ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to the stage, Asia, performing "Rock That.
Hey, boy, you wanna see me rock that, rock that?
Gotta make your eyes pop, pop.
Hey!
Hey, boy, you wanna see me rock that, rock that?
Yeah.
Gonna make your jaw drop, drop.
All the dogs love it when I wag that tail, wag that tail, Shake, shake, boom, boom.
Na, na, na, na.
Hey, boy, you wanna see me rock that, rock that?
Gonna make your eyes pop, pop.
Hey, boy, you wanna see me rock that, rock that?
Gonna make your jaw drop.
Watching you, watching you watching me, watching me.
Yeah.
Hey, boy, you want to see me rock that, rock that?
Gonna make your eyes pop, pop.
Rock that!
Rock that!
You wanna see me rock that?
KRISTIE: My daughter pulled it off.
And she was a fierce puppy.
And she made it her own on that stage.
We're here to stay.
So, what did you think?
I think that she enjoyed the routine.
I did see one sickle foot, so I'm sure-- well, I hope Abby calls her out on it.
Well, here's the thing.
You can guarantee she saw it.
CHRISTI: I don't think Christie has any idea what Abby is really like, and I have a feeling she's about to find out.
You're still really in the honeymoon period.
Give it some time, you haven't seen tough love from Abby, yet.
Like, this is all very sweet and kind.
KRISTIE: You can complain all you want, but Abby is not going to change.
Obviously, you know Abby is not going to change.
- We're not expecting her to change.
- And so when-- When I hear all the complaining, I'm like, okay.
But we haven't complained once in front of you about Abby.
KRISTIE: You got to understand, if you're going to be around someone like that you got to expect it.
And if you can't expect it, you need to leave.
CHRISTI: Well, you know what?
Now that we know that you don't want us to be honest and express our feelings, we'll make sure we don't do that in front of you.
KRISTIE: Christi is the most outspoken mother here.
I'm going to be civilized this first week out, but if she comes at me I'm going to bite.
KELLY: Good job!
JILL: Yay, Asia!
KELLY: Good job, Asia!
JILL: Good job, honey.
Drop and give me 20.
You do the steps.
Cute's over.
It's about the technique.
It's about the feet.
I cringed when you rolled up to that chin stand with those feet completely sickled.
How's that tough love feel now?
- Oh!
Let's see!
- Nice!
I'm telling you what-- you have to be on, on the turns.
Because this is going to dictate the group.
My trio is about to go out on stage, and they're against Cathy's duet.
Losing is not an option.
When it comes to Cathy, they have to win.
Chloe, you're 11 years old.
Watch with the little faces.
Okay?
CHRISTI: I'm really excited to see the trio on stage.
They have adorable costumes.
It's really high energy.
The choreography is great.
I think these three are gonna go out there and kill it.
JOHN: Watch your feet.
Make sure you stretch for that penché.
CATHY: Gino and his little partner, Sam, are going to do a hot, sassy, salsa routine.
And they've got moves that Michigan has never seen.
- What?
Don't be nervous.
- I mean, you're back there like this.
You're back there like this.
Look at my foot.
How many more times?
How many more times can I say the same-- over and over and over and over, again?
Come on!
CATHY: John and I are confident in the duet.
There is a ton of chemistry between the two kids.
I think we're going to take it all.
Now, I'm telling you, do not even look at them backstage.
ANNOUNCER: Now we have entry number 87, "Latin Fire.
What I'm about to tell you is going to change your life.
And I know that you want to start, create, don't wait.
Let your soul be free and live.
The tango?
Really?
No, way.
That belongs in a ballroom competition, not here against my girls.
ANNOUNCER: Please welcome to the stage entry number 85, "We Believe.
Let's go.
Let it go.
Give it all you've got.
I could come back here.
We're gonna rise to the top.
Wait until we hear the roar of the screaming crowd.
And it's okay, it's all right.
I won't stop until I win this fight.
You just gotta believe, just gotta believe.
Just wait and see.
Wait and see.
Oh!
Oh!
You just gotta believe, just gotta believe.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Just wait and see.
Just wait and see.
CHRISTI: The girls were wonderful in the trio.
They looked beautiful on stage.
The whole thing was smooth.
And I really think that we have Cathy's duet beat.
- Good job, girls!
Good job.
- Good job!
ABBY: Nice job, ladies.
Nice job on the trio.
Good job.
I always tell you, a trio is the most difficult thing to do.
It's not a duet.
You can't feed off of each other.
It's not a solo.
You can't just wing it on your own.
A trio is very difficult spacing-wise, and I thought that was one thing that was excellent.
I think they were fabulous, and I think the judges are going to agree with me.
I'm a little concerned with this routine.
The girls just don't look tight.
Don't pull your heads forward on that fan!
They need to win.
We need to go out there and beat Cathy's boys.
Think of what you're doing.
Feet!
Feet!
Don't rush the music.
The duet was great-- smashing success.
But I have other things on my plate right now, and that's the group dance.
You have to feel each other there.
You're always off.
We are going to go out there and we are going to win or die trying.
Go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Come on!
Come on!
There might be Candyland, but there's no Cathy-land.
She's a pimple that needs popped.
That's what she is.
ANNOUNCER: Entry number 124-A, "Machine Lines," please take the stage.
We're catching dreams from the everyday street life.
Our office, way outside the city lights.
Our minds, beyond repair.
Ah!
But faith and pressure gives us anything to go along.
Our lines are just machine lines.
CATHY: I need to break out the broom, because a clean sweep is coming our way.
CHRISTI: Cathy's group dance is exquisite.
And I think, for once, Cathy is really giving Abby a run for her money.
ABBY: The cores just performed.
And I have to say it-- the choreography was brilliant.
But my girls better go out there and give it the old college try.
ANNOUNCER: Entry number 122, please take the stage.
ABBY: They need to represent the ALDC.
They need to win.
Is it the only night you cried 'cause I lied.
And it's putting me down.
And it's all right.
It's all right.
I got the blues alone.
I will just complain again and again.
I got the blues alone again.
Another time again, again and again.
Another time, again.
ABBY: I thought that my girls onstage were fresh, they were pretty, they were clean, and they were wholesome.
How is everybody doing?
All right!
We have our Energy Petite Solo.
In third place, "Grace.
In second place, entry number 52, "Hound Dog.
And our first place Energy Petite Solo-- drum roll, please-- entry number 39, "Rock That!
Asia pulls out the first place win.
They put this teeny tiny little tiara on the puppy dog's head, and it looked like best in show.
Hi, my name is Asia, and I'm from Abby Lee Dance Company.
Hey, take a bow.
Congratulations.
CHRISTI: Asia comes in and wins with her very first solo with the ALDC, and we know Melissa's not happy.
And Mackenzie better start winning first place trophies left and right or it's goodbye, McKenzie, and hello, Asia.
All righty.
Going onto your Energy Duet/Trio Junior Division-- in third place, entry number 103, "With or Without You.
In second place we have entry number 85, "We Believe.
CHRISTI: I don't know if our girls could have done anything better.
They danced that trio fabulous.
They were amazing.
They were together.
You know, they looked great.
I think that this time, the chips just didn't fall in their favor.
And our top Overall Energy Junior Duet/Trio, three points away from perfect, which is a pretty hard thing, is entry number 87, "Latin Fire.
ABBY: Of course the clean, wholesome, wonderful trio comes in second to the duet.
Then I have the duet dad in front of me, standing ovation, screaming and yelling.
I'm surprised they didn't get thrown out.
All right.
We have the Energy Junior Small Group Top Overall High Score.
I'm going to pause for a moment and let you know, this is the only score of the day so far that received an absolute perfect score.
ANNOUNCER: So-- ABBY: I feel that our group dance was outstanding.
It was absolutely beautiful.
We might just pull out a perfect score.
ANNOUNCER: Drum roll, please.
The Top Energy Junior Small Group, receiving a perfect 300, is entry 124-A, "Machine Lines.
And who do you guys dance for?
Candy Apples Dance Center!
ANNOUNCER: Take a bow, guys.
Congratulations.
MELISSA: Our girls had no chance of beating the boys.
Their choreography was amazing, over the top.
When you put four boys on a stage and they dance the way those boys danced, there was no way we were beating them.
ABBY: I don't know what's going to happen with my girls.
But maybe the reincarnation theme is going to hit home.
Maybe next week they'll come back as amazing, talented, teenage boys.
How can we get there?
Because Cathy's going to keep coming after us.
Jill, are you really asking me how we can get there?
I mean, talent is definitely God-given, and I've seen some really talented kids.
And they've thrown it away.
So much talent.
Time will tell how the kids turn out.
ABBY: Hi.
How are you?
Hey!
CATHY: Hi.
I decided to join the party.
Anybody have a broom?
You might have one.
Does anybody have a broom?
- For the clean sweep?
- You know what?
You know what, guys?
In spite of your loss, you did great today.
Oh, Cathy.
This week, it's gone too far.
She got her hooks into a choreographer that is a friend of mine.
I didn't appreciate that.
I don't have time for people like that in my life.
She is an embarrassment to me, and probably to her family, as well.
Now, Cathy and Abby, are you going to kiss and make up?
No.
No.
CATHY: What about the water that she threw at me?
Abby, you have been back and forth, both of you.
- Let's-- let's mend our-- - You know what, sir?
I'm sorry, but you-- you don't even know the beginning.
Miss Cathy had a bunch of kids that don't even take from you anymore.
- That's ridiculous.
- You never produced anything!
- Anything!
CATHY: You make an ass of yourself.
And they know it just as well as everybody else.
ABBY: Well, I sleep at night.
- I do, too.
You think I lose sleep over you?
ABBY: Do you think I've given up my whole life and all the organizations that I belonged to, to deal with that piece of crap?
No!
She is dirt under my feet!
She hit me.
There's no going back.
The minute she struck me, she left the room.
She doesn't even walk in my circle.
She does not live in my world.
ABBY: Next on "Dance Moms"-- CHRISTI: Maddie and Chloe are competing against each other in this competition.
ABBY: Now you realize you're up against Chloe.
Asia comes in from out of town right when Mackenzie is injured.
She doesn't want to let Asia take her spot.
Kendall, you're chasing her!
The kid is a brat.
There are brats in there, and Kendall's not one of them!
Don't tell me what I can talk about.
So let's get that clear.
ABBY: Today you will be voting on Maddie or Chloe.
May the best man win.
