ABBY: Previously on "Dance Moms". - So is Abby here? - I don't know. - ABBY: Gianna. - Abby. One, two, three, . I texted her and she said that you will be fired from this dance studio if you choreograph that dance. I don't care where the she works. Oh. Oh. Oh. She has made it clear she doesn't care about our kids or her team. Brooke, there's nothing we can do. Abby should have been here, but she wasn't. That was her choice. Thank you. ABBY: Coming up on "Dance Moms". So I did talk to Abby. We're definitely competing this weekend. CATHY: I need a dancer that can beat Chloe this weekend. Did Abby mention anything about nationals, Melissa, - when you were there? - ABBY: Listen to me. I'm listening. You're the god. I know. You make a point to tell all of us. - you. CHRISTI: - Gianna, where's Abby? CATHY: So why have a choreographer when you have dance teachers? God, I hate this. I hate it. I hate it. [MUSIC - NIKKO LOWE, "LIVING ON THE DANCE FLOOR"] NIKKO LOWE: Get up. Get on the floor. My world is with my girls. Living on the dance floor. Good morning. Hello. - Melissa? - Hi. - Oh, hey. - Don't you look fancy. I stopped at Abby's house before pyramid to see how she was doing. We have nationals in a few weeks and we need her back at the ALDC. Well, my mom's, uh, nurses come today. Oh, yeah. So when you look at her, you think she's healthy. She looks fine, but she's in so much pain. Don't cry. Don't cry. I know how much Abby loves her mom. And to put on this brave face is just crazy to me. And she's the one that needs to really have a big cry. I don't know if I'm gonna be in pyramid today. Well, I have to tell you, this past weekend, I was sad you weren't there. Maddie needs you back this week. What Maddie needs and what Abby needs are two different things. My mother needs me more than Maddie does. Oh, yeah. But it's two weeks to nationals. I think you can rest assured with Maddie's record that she's gonna be performing at nationals, Melissa. Don't worry about that. Melissa needs to understand, all that mama drama, it stresses me out. Now, as long as Kelly is at that dance studio causing everybody's stress, I don't need to be there. My mother comes first. When I'm upset, she's upset. And that's what you have to understand. - I know. Are you kidding me? - When I come home ranting and raving-- I know. --about Paige or about this or about that, ruining the numbers and looking so bad. I can't take it. And you know how my mother feels about Kelly. Melissa, do you realize that when my dad was dying in intensive care, we kept my dad on life support - during the entire recital. - Recital. I never spoke to him again. I just need time and that's what I don't have. WOMAN: Hello. MELISSA: Hi, guys. Can I sit there, Kendall? Honey, do you mind? CHRISTI: Does anyone know - if Abby is gonna here? - I don't think she's coming. She said that today, that she's staying with her mom. Does she know that today's the day we would normally do pyramid? I think it's really strange that Melissa's having secret meetings with Abby now. I mean, why wouldn't she have at least told the other moms she was going? I don't know if Abby really will even come back. Hey, guys. Girls, listen, can you guys just go to studio A - and start stretching? - HOLLY: Super. - OK. - Go, go, go. I finally spoke to Abby and I'm in charge of the routines again this week. I hope I can pull off another win without her. So I did talk to Abby. We're definitely competing this weekend. - WOMAN: OK. - So do we know who's doing dances? Yes. Chloe solo. Oh, OK. Abby already knows that she's giving Maddie a solo at nationals but she isn't sure who else. She wants me to work with Chloe on the lyrical piece, which is her best style. So Christi better not have any complaints. Group dance, I'm guessing with everyone. - I haven't heard yet. - =OK. It's a dark contemporary routine. And, um, no Maddie solo, but she said she wants - to feature Maddie in the group. - OK. OK. And Asia and Kenzie duet. HOLLY: Oh, that'll be good. So that's only three numbers. I'm happy for the other girls this week, but I have to be honest, I'm really mad that Kendall doesn't have a solo this week. With only a few weeks till nationals, these solos are everything. And Kendall needs to prove to Abby that she can handle competing on a national level. And I don't know how she can do that with no solo and no Abby. Is she coming this weekend or ever? Or this week? - Is she coming today? - She didn't say she wasn't. You're just gonna start rehearsal, no pyramid, no nothing. - This was pyramid. - WOMAN: Pyramid. Yay. CATHY: Hey, everybody. KIDS: Hi. It's nice to see my special teams and my special moms. And, Zack, you're back. You know, that's kinda like the battle cry. Zack is back. Zack has been off working professionally and now he's back with our team. With him back, hopefully we can beat Abby. I'm not the least bit concerned that Anthony isn't here right now. I think he was an avalanche. He was a accident waiting to happen. Anthony has not produced a win for me in a while and I'm a little frustrated by that. So without Anthony being here, I feel as though I can focus more on nationals, which is right down the road. And I don't have to play referee between him and the parents and the stress level. You want to see me in your face? You will never be in my face. Let me go for where I'm going, please. CATHY: Your choreography is in jeopardy. - He's a puppet. This is a puppet. - CATHY: He looks dumb. - CATHY: No. - Yes. So last time that we competed, we did a seasons contemporary number and we got rained on. We didn't win. The last competition, we lost to Abby again. And with nationals not being but a few weeks away, it's essential that we have a good showing at this competition. Let's begin, starting with my bottom Apple, Zack. No surprises there. It's hard to be at the top when you aren't with us performing. You're wonderful. You can move up. Next, we have Mary. Mary struggled a little bit the last time that we saw you. We talked about her port de bras arms. Mary is a beautiful dancer and I think Kathy is crazy for putting her on the bottom of the Apple tree. It's an insult to the dance community. Everybody that sees Mary knows she's trained. She shouldn't be there. CATHY: Let's move on. Kaya, you're like in the middle. You can no longer be the one that's not professionally trained, be the one that doesn't have technical classes. Excuse me that I couldn't afford to put my daughter in $1,000 classes, but I've never used that as an excuse. I'll don't need excuses. Nicaya's the best. CATHY: Let's move on. OK. So Had, I'm being a little bit more aggressive this week. It's been a while since I've gotten a win. There's no room for error-- none. I think Hadley should be at the top of the apple tree. I mean, she works the hardest, I work the hardest, and together, we should be rewarded. CATHY: It's easy to figure out that our leading man this week is Lucas. Lucas, being at the top makes you that guy who has to go into battle this week and lead your team. Nationals are approaching fast and I need to see who can lead me to a victory this week and at nationals. I'm hoping that Lucas is the guy that can do that. This week, we are going to Charleston, West Virginia for the Masters of Dance Competition. I know that the Abby Lee Dance Company will be at the competition this week. Our group dance is going to be Rise of the Phoenix. And I'm expecting you to just rise up on stage and just capitalize. I know first handedly, because I sold on social media and maybe some of you did as well, Chloe is doing a solo at the competition this week. I think that Chloe is not as strong as she used to be. I need a dancer that can beat Chloe this weekend. My solo is going to be given to Zack. ZACK: I'm so happy to have a solo this week. I've beat Chloe in the past. And with Kathy doing my choreography this week, and there's no more fights with Anthony, I mean, I think I can pull out a win. CATHY: It's been a long day already. We need to work. GIANNA: Passe away. [MUSIC - REBEKAH WHITE, "I KNOW IT'S TOO LATE"] Chloe is doing a lyrical solo this week called Too Late. REBEKAH WHITE: Your face, it haunts me in the dark. I can't see just what you are. GIANNA: Nationals are only a few weeks away and Abby doesn't know if Chloe deserves a solo. She has to nail this routine this week. I don't know what we're gonna do. I mean, doesn't Abby say, I'm watching you for nationals. I'm watching you. I'm watching you. But you're not watching anyone for nationals 'cause you're not here. How many more weeks do we have before we go to nationals? - Three weeks. - It would be nice if she can make an informed decision based on things that she has observed. I think it's unfair that Abby determines who is going to get solos at nationals based on the performances over the last few weeks. Abby isn't even here. The girls certainly aren't performing at their best, and things here are really chaotic. And then flip. Yes. That's it. Did Abby mention anything about nationals, Melissa, when you were there? Um, nationals-- I don't know. Did she? She's gonna be performing at nationals, Melissa. Don't worry about that. She said that Maddie probably would have a solo at nationals. I mean, who-- I don't know. So why do we sit here and pretend we want to go to nationals when these guys already know - who's going to nationals. - CHRISTI: I don't know. - I mean, really. - She said probably. We all know that Maddie will have a solo at nationals and that's . Once again, Melissa has a secret meeting with Abby and secretly gets Maddie ahead and the rest of us are left in the dark. I'm not gonna sit here pretend that my kid has a shot of having a solo at nationals when you know you're getting-- - I don't know-- wait, wait wait. - JILL: Yes, you do. CHRISTI: No, I am. I'm speaking for you, too. With Abby being MIA from the studio, the moms decided to take a little break, sneak away, get some lunch. Plus, we really need to celebrate Kelly's return, and now's as good of a time as ever. I'm just glad that you've rejoined the team. - It's good to have you back. - KELLY: Thank you. CHRISTI: I don't care what anyone says. I can take whatever Abby wants to dish out to me, I just don't want her to take it out on anybody else. I feel bad. Abby's not coming because my kids are here. If Abby's not gonna be here because of my kids, I will leave because I'm not taking any training away from your kids. Here's what my problem is, she's gonna come, when she does come back, with a list of excuses there. And none of them are gonna be good because they're all gonna be a lie because we know why she wasn't there. She admitted that she was not coming back until my family was gone. HOLLY: Does anyone else worry about Abby fuming about Brooke doing a solo last week? I think she's gonna be pissed off but I don't think-- I think she's coming in guns blazing and we're all in her cross-hairs. Question, who wants Abby to be here today? Me. I'm ready for Abby to just randomly walk into rehearsal and be like, "You're doing this wrong. You're doing this wrong". HOLLY: I think we're all waiting for that. See. Another day of rehearsal and Abby's not here again. I'm getting really worried. We really need her here right before nationals, no question about it. - HOLLY: Hi. - Ready girls? Let's go. Abby isn't here this week, but we need to keep things going as usual. The girls have a competition and they have to keep practicing their routines as if she were here. One, two, three, four, five, six. Do you guys think Abby's gonna show up today? Wanting or needing Abby here is irrelevant. I think she should be here. I really think she should be here. KELLY: Maybe I should take a piece of my donut. Oh my god, we could leave a trail of hamburgers from the house to the studio if we want to get her back. - That's perfect. - We could it-- a donut, a burger, a donut. Maybe a chicken nugget here or there. I am going to burn-- - At least you'll be next to me. - I'll be right beside you. CATHY: So why don't we start to develop an opening. Five, six, seven, go. One, two, three, four, and five. The group number this week is called Phoenix Rising. And I think that is pretty appropriate because the last time we didn't win and we want to rise up out of the ashes to be victorious. Four and up, six, seven. OK. Don't move. Who needs Anthony anyhow? It's my dance studio and I'm perfectly capable of leading this team to victory. I'm feeling like that push, there's no resistance. Yeah. Get angry about it. That's Anthony's face. Push it down in the ground. With Anthony gone, this is my chance to step up and help this team. We spotlight the boys first and then we count the girls in. - The girls might circle around the boys. - Sure. I want this number to be perfect because nothing would make me happier than beating Abby after the way she's treated Hadley. Five, six, same thing. Hit, hit, back, front, and stop. So much better. Walk, walk, back, front, ball change. Lift, lift-- listen. OK, stop. The whole group gets to start over because I said we're moving on. Everyone heard that but one person. - Make every move... - ...count. Ready? Five, six, seven, eight, walk, walk, back, front, ball change. I'm happy if Yvette wants to pitch in with group rehearsal but, ultimately, everybody on this team has to understand it's my dance studio and it's me who makes the final decisions. Reach, reach, up, down, one, two, three. GIANNA: Ready? Five, six, seven, eight. Go one, two, three, four. Cathy just announced online that her Candy Apples are going to be at the same competition as us. And with Abby being gone, you know, who's Cathy going to direct all of her psycho attention to? You know, Abby hasn't been here for a week and a half. I don't think seeing Candy Apples this weekend is necessarily gonna, like, draw her back. At least when Abby's around, she takes the brunt of it. With her gone, it's all on the moms. She's not gonna let us go to a competition without her being there when Cathy is going to be there. You know what Cathy does to her. Do you think Abby's going to protect us? She's afraid of a little purse for god's sake. Don't. - JILL: Cathy, no one wants you here. - Just shut your mouth. - JILL: Shut your mouth. - ABBY: No. I didn't mean to do that. Know what? Because I didn't mean to do that either. GIANNA: Four, five, six, seven, pull, and walk. - Hello. - Hi. How's it going, ladies? HOLLY: Oh, she's back. It's just amazing to me how Abby can walk in a room and totally suck the life and the fun out of the room. - HOLLY: She's back. - KELLY: They look scared. I don't know what she's gonna do, and I think my kids are terrified. Hello. Hi. How's it going, ladies? HOLLY: She's back. Look who found the hamburger trail. When Abby walks in, everybody kind of froze a little bit. No one knew what to expect. She actually had a smile on her face, but that should have been the first tip off to us that something's going down. What are you two doing here? Thought you'd sneak in while I was away? KELLY: Look at Brooke. She keeps moving back. You can feel the tension. You can cut it like a knife. These kids are thinking . If you have to be here, you're going to work. You two will be doing solos every single week and you will have the exact same amount of time that Maddie has to learn them. I'm gonna work their lazy butts so hard, they're gonna wish they never walked back into this studio. CARLIE DE BOER: No one says it'll be perfect. The routine Black and Blue is sending a strong message to the audience and the judges. I think that Maddie has the capability of executing all that emotion on stage to take us on this journey to tell us that she's been made fun of, that she's been ridiculed. Arms are in the middle of body. That-- That grand jete is bad. Feet pointed underneath you. You're sickling your right foot in the attitude turn. - Come down. - All of us? - JILL: Everybody. - Right now, I want to speak to the moms. - Hello. - JILL: Welcome back. You say welcome back like I haven't been here. You haven't been here. - Wow. - Where in the world were you, then? I was at Star Power judging. That was 10 days ago. That was over a week ago, over a weekend and a week. You don't want to know where I am. These moms have some nerve. They wanna know where I was and what I was doing and who I was with. Uh, excuse me. It's none of your business. What does it matter? You guys are not Abby's keeper. Just like she's not mine. So when I wasn't here, it was none of her business where I was. Why are you here? Because I'm part of the team. Why would you have the audacity to walk back into a building with all these people that heard you and your ugly, pathetic mouth? Suddenly you're back in here and your kids want to be here. Their mother broke the Abby Lee Dance Company contract. And so did Abby Lee Miller when she said in her contract she will provide a nourishing healthy environment. Why do you all let her just keep talking and talking and talking? She barely speaks English. Because they agree with everything I'm saying. Oh, they do? Melissa, you agree with her? No. Absolutely not. I don't fight their battles. They know where I stand and I made it clear. Why do you laugh? Because if it wasn't for all of us-- if it weren't for all of us-- - ABBY: Christi, to me. - I'm listening. You're the god. I know. You make a point to tell all of us. you. When Christi opens up that beak, she sounds like a drunken sailor. Every four letter word just rolls right out of her mouth. So I'm going to start rehearsal with Asia and Mackenzie and you guys can all figure out if Brooke and Paige are the best two suitors for the team. You set people up to look bad to make one look good. If I could wave a magic wand, Kelly, and make your two kids, 5 foot 8 and brilliant, I would. But I don't have that magic wand. KELLY: Yeah. I'd like to do it to you, too. ABBY: Right. Wouldn't that be nice? - Wouldn't that be nice? - I'd make you 5 foot 8 and 100 pounds so you'd stop being so horribly mean inside. Make it happen. Abby's really pushing me with the comments about my kids, but she better watch herself 'cause I'll do a lot more than just tap her with my purse. CATHY: Let's do this. This is the last day of rehearsal. You need to tell the story that you're being rescued. Tell the story. ZACK: My solo this week is called Rescue. And I'm really excited because Cathy is helping me out with it and I think I can beat Chloe. Now that Anthony is gone, I'm really excited that I get to come out of my shell. So I feel like I'm dancing better than I ever have before. - YVETTE: Yes. - BRIGETTE: Good job. It's your time to shine. You're getting to go out and do a solo and feel great about yourself because you have so much greatness within you. Dance for the cause, not the applause. ABBY: OK, girls. I wanna see it. Mackenzie and Asia have a killer duet. It's called We Hit Harder and they hit it pretty hard. This is going to be a competition within a competition. Not only is the duet going up against all the other duets, but the dancers are going up against each other. [MUSIC - JOY CHARITY ENRIQUEZ, "WE HIT HARDER"] ABBY: Mackenzie, your acting skills are horrible. Why do you take the easy way out? I want to see your reaction like, oh no, you didn't just touch me on the nose. Mackenzie, no answer? Just like your mother, you're going to not say anything? I think Abby's picking on Mackenzie because nationals is just right around the corner and she really wants Mackenzie to compete. What you guys did out there, it could have been somewhere else. We know why she's mad. You're backing up Kelly, who is your friend. But at the of the day, you guys have to deal with what Abby is going to choose to do because you guys decided that. Oh, my gosh. So you're blaming all this on me? No I'm stating a fact on what Abby is saying. So once again, I'm the .. I was the and everybody blamed it on me. Once again, I'm the because I'm torturing everybody's kids again. Once again, let's do this. Screw you, Kristie. You're brand new here. My kids have been dancing here since they were two. It's just a mess. We're not even cohesive as a group to make sure the girls are gonna do well. It's really hard to watch people that I care about, people that I'm friends with, and see them tear each other apart. We're in big trouble. JOY CHARITY ENRIQUEZ: Y'all hit hard, we hit harder. Harder. Y'all hit hard, we hit harder. ABBY: Kick her. Down. Over. Grab her. Take her up. Hold onto her. Turn around. Put her down. You plié. I only intend to enter one child in the mini division at nationals. It looks like it's going to be Asia. Mackenzie better step it up if she plans on having as many crowns as Maddie does. Mackenzie, there's people in life like Asia. They're going to put you in the corner and no one's ever going to look at you. Got it? All right. You guys are finished. - Thank you. - ABBY: Thank you. ABBY: We're on our way to Charleston, West Virginia to attend the Masters of Dance Arts Competition. And these girls, they better put their best foot forward because I am focused on who I'm picking for nationals. Melissa, I have Mackenzie's costume here. And here is Asia's, Kristie. - Oh, cute. - OK. They were kind of quickie, last minute, but they'll be cute on stage. They'll be sassy. Yeah. OK. So I told the girls in class, the wicked witch of the west will be there, and that's not me. Fun, fun, fun. Candy, candy, candy. WOMAN: Yeah. They cheer for us, not for Cathy. Excuse me. Sorry, sorry. - Excuse me. - Don't touch me. - Don't touch her. - Don't touch me. Cathy! Cathy! Cathy! I mean, who acts like that when you walk into a dance competition? How's your striped socks and black shoes, hag? - She always comes up with names. - That's a good one. Gianna, where's Abby? GIANNA: I think she was running late this morning. I don't know. Abby's not here again. She was on the bus yesterday. We're at competition and she's nowhere to be found. Yeah. Hi, Ab. - Are you coming? - ABBY: No. I've got to go. She hung up. What is her excuse this time because it's not me. I think the writing is on the wall with Abby. She does not wanna be here with these kids. But right now. The task at hand is to beat these rotten apples. KELLY: Oh, look how cute. HOLLY: Oh, oh, I love that. - That's pretty. - Oh, you look beautiful. So where's the beluga? - That's what I want to know. - She might not be here. Let's hope. Let's hope she's not. Well, guys, listen, I think we have to get Zack warmed up. I'm gonna take care of stretching Lucas out. You continue to stretch Zack out. Thank you. Stop out of your hips now. You remember yesterday? Good. Zack's solo is amazing. And I'm so happy that Yvette has stepped up and helped out with the choreography. It's sure to be a win for us. All right, you guys, we did it last week, we can do it again. Chloe, Asia, Kenzie, it's kind of on you right now. Are we ready? All right. Let's go. Oh, and by the way, Melissa, I have had no face lift. Why would you say that? - - Shut-- why do you always have to interrupt? You are the rudest person in the world. - But was she talking to you? - Shut your mouth. Shut your mouth. I'm gonna take my bra off and show her how my boobs are still perky. She said I needed a lift. Who is that white-faced bag to tell anybody about anything? ANNOUNCER: All right, ladies and gentlemen, no we're ready in the mini duet trio division. Mackenzie and Asia have a dance battle. I'm worried that Asia is gonna overshadow Mackenzie in the duet and she might not be able to dance at nationals. ANNOUNCER: This is entry number eight, Asia and Mackenzie - with "We Hit Harder". - [MUISC - JOY CHARITY ENRIQUEZ, "WE HIT HARDER"] JOY CHARITY ENRIQUEZ: Go ahead and take me down. Gonna spin their heads right round round. We gonna chew them up and spit them out, y'all. We gonna show them what this team is all about. We're gonna sock it to them in the worst way. We came to steal your fame and take your name. We came to steal your fame and take your name. We came to steal your fame and take your name. You take the left. You take the right. You take the middle. I got the back. You take the left. You take the right. You take the middle. I got the back. Now, on the count of three, go ahead and attack the enemy. On the count of three, go ahead and attack the enemies. One, two, three, three. - Break. - They did it. - That was good. - Oh, I loved it. KRISTE: I think the duet was amazing. The girls were flawless. But I think Asia dominated that routine. Abby would be proud. I feel incredible before Zack stepping out. I think Zack's ready to beat Chloe. He's done it before and he can do it again. ANNOUNCER: All right. Up next in the junior solo division, this is entry number 23, Zack with "The Rescue". Zack's solo was fabulous. He was breathtaking. He held the audience and he delivered. CHRISTI: I know that, for once, Chloe's not nervous to dance because Abby's not here. She's 25 times more confident than she ever is because her dance teacher didn't tell her she sucked right before she went on stage. It's a winning day for Chloe no matter where she places. ANNOUNCER: All right. Next to the junior solo division, we have entry number 22. This is Chloe with "I Know it's Too Late". Go Chloe! [MUSIC - REBEKAH WHITE, "I KNOW IT'S TOO LATE"] REBEKAH WHITE: Your face, it haunts me in the dark. I can't see just what you are. So torn apart. I'm so possessed with this obsession. There's no turning back. I know it's too late. So I'll sit here and wait. Not alarmed by my fate. And I must embrace, wish I could be like you 'cause I cannot undo. I did it all for you. I know it's too late. CHRISTI: I think Chloe deserves a solo at nationals because she went out there and she killed that solo. And I don't think she could've danced better. Abby would've been so proud of you. She would. - I'm very proud of you. - And the judges were smiling. Good. CATHY: Yeah, Zack. How did you feel about that? - Good. - It was amazing. - HOLLY: Don't we go this way? - YVETTE: Leave it on the dance floor. Leave it on the dance floor, kids. - How many of you are dance teachers here? - I am. So why have a choreographer when you have dance teachers? Well, we found out that we don't need one now. Actually, Cathy did all choreography. I cannot believe that Gina D told the ALDC team that I had nothing to do with this dance routine. I'm done. I'm done. YVETTE: God, you make me so mad. CHRISTI: Yvette, you can sit with us if you'd like. I'll even let you sit by me because this is ridiculous. God, I hate this. I hate it. I hate it. Why did she say Cathy first? What thing did Cathy do? Cathy didn't spend a second on this routine. OK. I feel so pushed aside. I feel like Gina just gave Cathy all the credit and I got no respect. - HOLLY: Well, that was a lively bunch. - KELLY: I'm confused. HOLLY: Well, I think the issue was Yvette did the choreography and Cathy said she did the choreography. It sounded like Yvette did it and Cathy took the credit for it. This is so embarrassing because our enemy is seeing us fall apart right before we go on. I wish Yvette would have just kept it together and not shown our weakness to everyone. I don't know, this crazy train. Why did she do-- why did Gina do that? Why would you do that? She did say your name. Because I even said to her to say your name first. You want to know why I walked away too soon? I get worked up. You know why? Because it's a piece of me that's on stage because I'm so passionate. That hurts my feelings. CATHY: I thought by getting rid of Anthony that I would be getting rid of the drama but boy was I wrong. I've traded in yelling for tears. I don't have time to waste on a grown woman crying. I have better things to worry about and that's beating ALDC. YVETTE: Let's go kick their ass. CATHY: Yvette, we can't walk in here crying. YVETTE: I know. ANNOUNCER: All right. Next up in the junior small group division, this is entry number 39 entitled "Phoenix Rising". [MUSIC - TWO STEPS FROM HELL, "LORD OF DEATH"] CATHY: The group "Phoenix Rising" did well. I feel that they definitely should win top overall. ANNOUNCER: Up next in the junior small group division, this is entry number 38 entitled "Black and Blue". CARLIE DE BOER: No one said it'll be perfect. Hush, hush, hush, hush now. Hush, hush. It's only a bruise. Maybe... it'll all work out in the end. MELISSA: Our girls are flawless in the group dance. And the group that candy Apple has-- I think this is definitely a win for us. All right. We are going to get right into our judges awards. Moving into the elite mini duo trio division, in second place was act number seven, "Too Many Fish". And your highest scoring elite mini duo trio is act number eight, "We Hit Harder". I think the girls did amazing together. Their timing was on. But I think Asia was held back in this duet with Mackenzie. ANNOUNCER: The top 10 highest scoring routines. Moving along is the elite junior solo division of competition. In third place, act number 14, "Via de la Rosa". Your first place runner up with a score of 277.1 points is Zack with act number 23, "The Rescue". And your highest scoring elite junior soloist, with a score of 277.4 points, is Chloe with that number 42, - "It's Too Late". - I don't know if I had ever been happier, even when she won nationals. For whatever reason, this one meant so much more to me. And moving on to our elite junior small group, in third place was number 34, "Freedom. Your first runner up is act number 39, "Phoenix Rising". And your highest scoring elite junior small group is act number 38, "Black and Blue". I'm so thrilled that the group dance won again without Abby. We don't need you, Abby. We do better without you. ALL: Abby Lee Dance Company. ANNOUNCER: All right, guys, you all can take a bow. Well, that was disappointing. I think that was a bunch of BS. Hello. CATHY: Here. You know what, Yvette? You better take this poncho because any minute now - Jill's probably going to throw water. - HOLLY: We don't have any drinks. - We don't have any drinks. - So from me to you. I want to know who carries a poncho in their faux handbag, Cathy. CATHY: I'm leaving. I'm not going to listen to big . All I'm saying, ladies, is that I'm sorry, Zack is amazing, Chloe's better, technically. We're going to see you in a couple of weeks at nationals. And so far, as the record stands, two and oh, oh and two. - Sorry. - That's great. Good luck, guys. I will not... - See you. - Bye. I can't imagine going up against ALDC at nationals fresh off this loss. I'm really glad that Cathy flew in on her broom this week because I needed to borrow it for the clean sweep. I think Abby would have been proud of the performances. - KRISTIE: Absolutely. - Who gives a what Abby would say? She wasn't here. Call her. Call Abby? She's not going to answer. - I want to hear what she says. - Are you calling her? - Hi. - Hi, Abby. - Hello. - We won. We won. MELISSA: We won. Oh, OK. Well, we don't know. Aren't you proud of them? They looked great. You would have been really proud of them. She hung up on me. MELISSA: Miss Abby would be proud of you. We have won two weeks in a row without our fearless leader. I don't know, guys. I don't think we need her. - Next up is regionals. - MELISSA: And then nationals. Wait a minute. But you know what? It's all about the national title. Stay focused. All right, ladies, let's get on the bus. I love it here without her. Do I think today we were robbed? Hell yes. We were by far so much more intent and strong than their routine today. We don't have a winning team. We have no nationals. There's no nationals for us. I guess when we all leave here today, it's going to be, will we ever come back? That's where it hangs. ABBY: Next on "Dance Moms". You are in one of the world's best places for entertainment. Don't be shy. Don't be nervous. Act like you're talking to your friends. I can't breathe. - You OK? - No. I can't breathe. Don't get nervous. Listen, do it for you. Don't do it for her. I am the best thing for Paige! And it breaks my heart.
