JEFF: Coming up on "The Smoke Before the Fire"-- They're selling their children.
JEFF: Dance moms like you never seen them before.
In her mind she is God.
Abby has always had a pretty big ego.
Maddie's success was not quite as important as her friendship with the rest of the moms.
Holly, put that bitch on blast.
Dance class is cheaper than rehab.
- You fell off the curb.
- She pushed me off the curb.
I told you, you should have sued the crap out of her.
People love Chloe and it drive her crazy.
All the moms have had some Botox and filler.
JEFF: Last season, "Dance Moms" ended in chaos.
ABBY: I'm done!
JEFF: And now, on a special we call "The Smoke Before the Fire," we've brought Abby and the moms together to see what's going on as they head into the launch of season three.
Over the next hour, everyone will take their turn in the hot seat, as our studio audience ask questions you all want answers to.
Living on the dance floor.
Hello.
I'm Jeff Collins.
I'm the executive producer of "Dance Moms.
I know you guys are excited to start asking some questions, so why don't we get to it?
First up, the lady who started it all, Abby Lee Miller.
So, Abby, how does it feel becoming a little bit famous here?
I've been doing this for a long time, Jeff, 30 years.
Kids know me.
I go to a dance convention, I walk in, they know me.
They know me because I've had winners, so it's not weird.
This is what the moms say, though, that you have a big inflated ego, that you're more difficult than ever to deal with.
If they think I've changed, they just don't know me that well.
All right.
Well, I got a little bit of a curve ball for you.
So for the first time in the history of "Dance Moms," we're going to let the studio audience ask questions to the cast and to you directly.
Are you ready?
- ABBY: Yes.
- Who's got a question for Abby?
Abby, I was just curious because everybody's always talking about your love life.
Do you have a boyfriend?
I have somebody that cares about me and loves me and has a shoulder for me to lean on.
Let's leave it at that.
Is that the guy you had your hand on his butt in the tabloid picture?
Maybe, maybe not.
JEFF: Who else has got a question for Abby?
Hi, Abby.
I was just wondering, do you really believe that the mothers actually don't appreciate the opportunity you've given their children?
I don't think they would appreciate an opportunity if it landed in their lap.
They never were respectful.
And I think some of the moms, more so than others.
But as a whole, no.
Me, me, me, me, me.
I, I, I, I, I.
So, speaking of some of the other dance moms, tell me about your relationship with Holly right now.
Well, you know, Holly claims to be a teacher, an educator always.
But she left her job.
Now she's a dance mom.
She just always wants Nia to process it and to figure it out and this and that.
And I'm like, Holly, we have 10 seconds here to get on that stage and do that number.
We don't have time to process it.
Good luck, Holly.
Holly, put that bitch on blast.
JEFF: Speaking of the mom who's always referred to as the rational one, do you guys like to meet Holly?
- Hello.
- How are you?
How are you?
Abby and I were just talking about her relationship with you.
And so I want to hear your side of the story.
Right now I think the two of us get along fairly well.
There are times I know that I get on Abby's nerves, and I also know that Abby really doesn't really care what I think.
But I still feel that it's important for me to raise my concerns or my perspective.
I want the audience to know that even though Holly may be angry and upset and think I crossed some line, she has a more ladylike way of saying it.
- Her presentation is easier.
- Yes.
So it still goes in one ear and right out the other.
It's fine.
But at least she doesn't come screaming, you know, swearwords at me constantly.
Because Abby's a teacher and I was raised to respect a teacher.
But that doesn't mean teachers are always perfect.
I was never perfect as a teacher.
And I think one of the things I was disappointed this summer was that Abby-- Although she did great things professionally on her own, the children missed her.
Do you think she got a big head from being photographed in the tabloids?
I think Abby has always had a pretty big ego.
So is the hair.
Are ready to take some questions from the audience?
- I'd be happy to.
JEFF: Yes.
Hi, Holly.
I wanted to ask you which one of your fellow dance moms has made being the rational one most difficult for you.
Oh, my gosh.
Ooh.
There are times you get caught up in the emotions and you catch us off guard, and you don't see the best sides of us at all times.
And every one of us, every week I think-- See, that's her politically correct answer.
- She's not going to give you the name.
- All right, Holly.
Thank you so much for taking your turn in the hot seat.
Thank you, everyone.
Thank you.
All right.
Well, I've got a question for you.
You're not the only one who's been out and about.
Because the dance moms have been out with their kids doing what's called meet and greets without you.
- Yes.
- And I understand-- I don't know if it's so much without me or behind my back.
Let me explain with a meet and greet is because I don't think they really know.
After you've purchased a ticket to the show and you come and see it, you come to the stage door and the cast comes out and meets you, says hello, takes pictures with you for free.
That's what a meet and greet is.
So what have the moms been doing that's so much different?
- They're selling their children.
- Really?
Yes.
It's like the zoo.
You know how you pay money and you go in the zoo and you watch them in a cage?
You take a picture of the animal.
That's kind of how it is.
What's wrong with them making a few bucks?
They're already making a few bucks.
Kelly's never had a job in her life.
I think she worked at the Clinique counter for two weeks.
We've got a few more questions from the audience.
Yes, ma'am.
Abby, you have attacked Kelly multiple times on the blog saying that you wish she'd leave your studio.
- Do you still feel that way, and why?
- Yes.
I think that I'm never going to please Kelly.
And I think she wants her kids to be mediocre.
Her kids have been blessed with a talent.
And I think for them not to use that talent and not to pursue it is very wasteful.
And I don't agree with her parenting.
One last question for Abby.
They say you wrote the editor saying that Christi was pimping out Chloe.
- Did you write this letter?
- Yes.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Why do you feel that way?
I think Chloe needs to be in dance class, not having a spa treatment with some kid for 85 bucks.
JEFF: All right.
Let's find out what Christi has to say.
You guys ready for Christi?
So, Christi, how do you really feel about Abby?
Well, I'm not surprised that Abby said the things she said because Abby makes things up in her own mind.
She doesn't bother to find out the truth and ask questions.
So that's her perception of reality.
And the reality that we know is completely different.
We could sit here and explain it to Abby all day, but it's not going to change her opinion of what is true.
Because in her mind she is God.
And she tells us every day.
So is it true over the break you guys were out doing lots of meet and greets?
Let me explain a few things about the meet and greets.
You know, Abby has one perception of what a meet and greet is.
- No.
I know what a meet and greet is.
- No.
You know what your version of a meet and greet is.
That is the real version of a meet and greet.
No.
It's my turn.
Quiet.
Contrary to what Abby believes, the children are really who America wants to see, not her.
And so we were taking our children out to these meet and greets, and 5,000, 6,000 people were showing up.
It was an unsafe environment.
We started doing a ticketed event, where somebody had a ticket.
- And what Abby has been-- - Somebody buys a ticket.
- Yes.
Somebody buys a ticket.
- Clear that up.
But let's explain what the money is going to, Abby.
Okay, the money is going to paying for security.
The hair, the shoes.
- Excuse me.
CHRISTI: People want to see our kids.
So you know what?
She was off in LA, you know, being a star.
- All right.
- Wait a minute!
Wait a minute.
How dare you?
JEFF: okay.
I have a woman sitting right up there that was at a dinner party with me when somebody walked over and said, "Abby, are you feeling better?
And I said, "What are you talking about?
She said, "We went to a meet and greet and Christi announced to everyone that you were ill, and you were in your room and you couldn't participate.
- That's a complete lie.
I never said-- - No, it's not.
No, it is, Abby.
Again, you're making things up in your own head.
Because I don't talk about you in my meet and greets because you are nothing!
All right, guys.
So, Christi.
Take a breath.
Take a deep breath.
- Oh, she's really upset.
- I know she is.
- It's your turn to be in the hot seat.
- Yeah.
So who is first up asking a question for Christ?
Hi, I noticed that you blocked Abby from your Twitter feed.
Why?
Yes.
Wouldn't you block that?
Because I deal with her comments every day.
I don't want to go home at night and listen to her comments online.
Because she was obsessed with my Twitter for a while.
Everything I would Tweed, she would comment on.
- I don't want to deal with it.
- All right.
Who else has a question for Christi?
Sir.
You said on the show that your husband referred to Abby's studio as the Antichrist of childhood.
- Yes.
- Why did he say that?
And what does he think of the show?
My husband thinks that everything that she stands for-- And Abby hates my husband.
I will be the first to say it.
She hates him because he told her that she is too nonsensical to even talk to.
And that really struck a chord.
No, I hate him because he doesn't support your child or come and watch her dance, ever.
And he showed up in Las Vegas at a black tie banquet with a pair of shorts and flip-flops on.
My husband never came to that banquet.
She's making things up.
He sat outside because he was too cheap to buy a ticket to walk in!
You're full of , Abby.
You know nothing of what you're talking about.
How much money in the world would it take to send your kid back to someplace that you felt that way about?
Huh?
If it feel-- If he feels that strongly-- If my dad felt that strongly, I wouldn't be back there.
You're perfect and everybody else is stupid and not perfect.
All right.
So the next dance mom were about to bring out has a 30-year history with Abby.
Question on everyone's mind, including my own-- is she staying at the Abby Lee Dance Studio or is she going?
Kelly, come on out.
Kelly.
How are you?
KELLY: Yes?
I'm fine, thank you.
JEFF: It's great to see you.
- You, too.
All right, Kelly.
We ended last season and you were very, very angry.
We didn't know if you were coming back.
Would you really leave the Abby Lee Dance Studio?
As a mom I just feel like I'm taking my kids there for an extracurricular activity to get their spirits broke.
For the past 42 weeks, my kid has been shown bad.
- What do you have to say about that?
- Like, they look at me like I'm crazy.
Because I flip out.
But, like, how much do you think I can take?
JEFF: So, Abby, do you feel like that's an accurate answer?
Do you buy that?
You know, it's hard to give you a quick little short answer.
It's 30 years of history.
I think Kelly was pretty, she was tall, she had a mom and dad who didn't butt in.
And I think she could have done something with her dancing besides work at the mall, get married, have two kids.
But she decided that she wanted to be a mom.
- And that's fine.
- So what's wrong with that?
So now she has three beautiful children.
She brings Brooke to the dance studio, carries her on her hip till she's nine years old, and Brooke was a star.
Brooke and I have a very close relationship.
And we still get along great, Brooke and I.
If Brooke doesn't want to work and Brooke wants to work on her academics or this or that or with everything, I respect that.
That's fine and dandy.
Don't take a spot up on the competition team if you want to do other things, give that spot up and let some young kid that really wants to do this for a living do it.
- All right.
Okay, understood.
- And I think that's selfish.
So, Kelly, tell us where your relationship is right now with Christi.
What's going on?
How are you guys doing?
I think that Melissa and Christi have started a new jewelry line, and I kind of feel left out of that.
- Yeah.
Why wasn't it your kid?
- I know nothing about that.
So I'm sitting here with Abby Lee Miller.
So, Abby, you've never shied away from criticizing Chloe.
Why are you so critical of Chloe?
Because, once again-- meeting, greeting, selling, jewelry line-- the poor kid can barely do a left split anymore.
I have put tons and tons of work into Chloe.
Two years ago, that kid was Junior Miss Dance of Pennsylvania.
She has regressed.
It's horrible.
My daughter is amazing.
She just wants her not to ever have any opportunities from the show.
JILL: She will, and she does.
- But she won't!
- If Abby keeps saying that about her.
- You know what?
Look what Abby's saying about her kids.
People are going to get it.
Hopefully, Chloe is going to come out here and be strong and wonderful and do what she knows to do best.
All right.
Let's welcome Chloe, performing her national title winning dance, "I Love Only Silence.
I love only silence here.
There is noise all the time.
I love sunny landscapes.
I love the sky.
Pale blue, pale pink or a calm white-- Here the buildings are so high.
Pale blue, pale pink or a calm white-- here the buildings are so high that one sees nothing.
Oh, if I-- oh, if I-- if I could rise up and annihilate all those ambitious countries.
Oh, if I-- oh, if I-- if I could rise up and annihilate all those ambitious countries.
I await the great woman who will save.
I await the great woman who will save.
I await the great woman who will save.
Chloe, that was fantastic.
Absolutely fantastic.
Yay!
Beautiful.
So, Abby, last year we noticed that there was a shift about to happen between you and Melissa.
Melissa gets close to people very quickly.
I should have been smarter.
I should have been guarded.
We've got a few more questions from the audience on the subject of Melissa.
So who's got a question for Abby?
Hi, Abby.
Now that Melissa doesn't work at the desk, do you still give Maddie special treatment?
First of all, Maddie never received special treatment because Melissa worked at the desk.
Maddie received special treatment because Maddie's a special kid.
She was on time.
She was prepared.
She was well rehearsed.
That kid walked into the studio and she was a sponge.
Those were open to every child.
She's the one that took advantage of them.
Now, I know that you have every intention in the world of turning Maddie into a star.
- I want a whole studio full of stars.
- I know, but Maddie in particular.
A dream is for your choreography to look better than you ever imagined, and Maddie does that.
She takes it and she makes it her own.
- Not too many kids do that.
- All right.
Let's see who else has a question for you.
Yes?
I was wondering currently, is Melissa's loyalty to you or the other moms?
Her loyalty is definitely to the other moms.
What do you mean that her loyalty is with the moms instead of you?
Melissa is a great dance mom.
She's there, she helps all the children.
She's even paid for other kids lessons who couldn't afford it.
So now it's become more important for her to be friends and chums with the girlfriends than it is to be a good mom for Maddie.
Who defines what a good mom is?
You know what?
You know what I think the definition of a good mom is?
The way your child is.
And Maddie's a good kid, so you're a great mom.
- Thank you, Christi.
- She's a .
When you put your kids second and your girlfriend's first, that's a problem.
All right.
Before you say too much more, why don't we just bring Melissa out and find out what she has to say?
Sure.
Bring her out.
Please, Melissa, don't you sit there and cower to her.
Stand up for yourself.
- Hi, Melissa.
Thanks for coming.
- Thank you.
It's really good to see you.
All right, so let's just cut to the chase.
Are you closer with the moms now or are you still as close as you were to Abby?
I am closer to the moms.
And, you know, it makes my life easier.
Because I would go home at night and Maddie goes, Mom, why didn't the moms ask you to go to dinner with them?
Why are you always sitting by yourself?
And it hurts my kids.
Are you ready to take some questions from the audience?
All right.
So who has a question for Melissa?
Yes.
Hi, Melissa.
I was wondering-- do you have any fears about this upcoming season?
And is there anything that can happen that you might be afraid of?
One of my biggest fears-- I actually dream about this at night, is Mackenzie getting hurt.
But if she has her arms by her ears and does it correctly, she won't get hurt.
But if she doesn't listen, she might get hurt.
And she doesn't listen quite like Maddie does.
- Mackenzie's her own little self.
- All right.
Well, god forbid, we don't want anything to happen to Mackenzie.
- So who has a question for Melissa?
- Hi, Melissa.
Will you get married on the show?
Would you guys like to see Melissa get married on the show?
Could you-- I mean, can you imagine how perfect that would be, seeing Maddie and Mackenzie walk down the aisle standing next to their mother?
It would be a lovely thing.
So, come on, Melissa.
- Are you gonna get married on the show?
- I don't know.
I'm going to get married pretty soon, hopefully.
- And, woo, how about that bridal party?
- One more time.
One more time, come on.
Yup.
That's gonna be one drunk reception.
So our next answer got a standing ovation the last time she did this number.
So let's give it up for Nia performing "Working Girl.
Hi.
I heard y'all was hiring.
Yeah.
You see, my name is Laquifa.
Can you see this tattoo right here on my chest?
I get my credentials from the street, baby.
Clock the hair.
Clock the hair.
Clock the mug.
Clock the mug.
Clock the nails, clock my skirt.
You better get into to it.
Clock the bag.
Clock the bag.
Clock the shoes.
Clock the shoes.
Now punch the clock.
It's time to work.
Move over, amateurs, taking mine, taking yours.
Uh, someone better hold my purse.
Mm-hmm.
Figure it out like Nancy Drew.
Catch on quick like hallelu.
Come on, check me, boo.
Not you.
I'm a pro.
Pro.
I'm a pro.
Uh, I am a professional pro.
I'm a pro.
I'm a pro.
I am a professional.
Work.
I came to work.
Uh-huh.
I came to work.
I told y'all I was a professional.
Work.
Uh-huh.
I came to work.
I came to work.
Uh-huh.
See, I am a professional.
yes.
Haters cannot touch my drive.
References?
I'm a pro.
Pro.
I'm a pro.
I am a professional pro.
What?
I'm a pro.
What?
I came to work.
Uh-huh.
Can you see my badge?
I am a professional It was good.
I couldn't see all of it.
It's, like, high energy.
Nia does well with high energy, I think.
That was fantastic.
So, Abby, let's talk Jill.
So I heard that recently Jill has been doing a lot to try to get in your good graces.
Yes.
Jill's a good customer.
She pays her bills on time.
She does what she's supposed to.
So is she trying to work her way to the top of the mom pyramid to become your favorite mom?
I think she wouldn't mind filling the void that Melissa left.
- Seems like it.
- Mm-hmm.
So because Kendall has been at the studio, what should we expect to see from her this upcoming season?
While the other kids are stagnating, Kendall is improving.
Kendall is only nine years old, so you have to keep that into perspective.
She is a beautiful child.
So I think we're going to see Kendall kind of break out of her shell and maybe move on up that pyramid.
All right.
So the one thing I can say about our next guest is she's unpredictable.
She's sometimes provocative.
And every time I see her she's got a new hairdo and a new dress on.
- Let's meet Jill.
- Am I supposed to be down there?
- Be the bitchy Jill.
- Yeah.
It takes a while.
- Be the bitchy Jill.
- Look at me.
I'm a total wrinkled mess and I hate my hair today.
Well, you could change the hair color on your way down.
You change that as much as you change studios!
- It's me.
I'm good.
It's good to see you.
- How are you?
See, I told you, she always has a new dress and a new hairdo.
I know, and it's not a good hair day, I'm just saying.
All right, so let's cut right to the chase.
Why are you trying so hard to become Abby's new favorite mom?
This is who I am.
I'm a dance mom.
And my goal is to get the best for my children.
When I first met Abby she said, "I am the best for your children.
Bring them to me, I'll make them stars.
I'll do what I can for them.
And so far, she has.
Now, her delivery sometimes is a little rough.
And we've had-- you know, it gets a little volatile.
But I was really pleased to hear you say how you have seen Kendall grow.
I needed Abby to see that.
And I think it took a while, maybe a whole season, for her to realize Kendall really has a lot of potential.
So because Kendall was in class-- kudos to you.
Good girl.
Well, she wants to be there, though.
I mean, she wants to dance.
But it take-- you know-- It takes two.
So she just said that those other kids don't really want to be there.
- That's what I heard.
JILL: Did I say-- JEFF: All right.
Back to-- so back to Kendall.
Where do you expect to see Kendall on that pyramid this season?
At the top.
Okay.
But the whole time that Kendall's in class, Jill's visiting mommy at Candy Apples.
Jill's a studio hopper.
I think every kid in there-- correct me if I'm wrong-- have been at the top of that pyramid except one, Kendall.
JEFF: All right.
Well, let's hope that happens this season.
JEFF: So, Jill, everybody's taken their turn in the hot seat.
It's your turn.
- I know.
- So who has a question for Jill?
Hi, Jill.
Kendall beat Chloe at one of the competitions prior to Nationals.
So why was she able to compete during Nationals?
That's a good question, before Nationals, the plan was you had solo week.
Whoever did well that week got the solo for Nationals.
And Kendall, as you know, had beaten Chloe.
She should have had the solo, and she didn't get it.
All right, so let's take one more question who else has a question for Jill?
Hi, Jill.
On the show you state how much money spent on counseling.
Would you suggest that for any other dance moms?
Well, actually, it-- it was kind of a joke.
I really don't send my kid to counseling.
- Hey.
Dance class is cheaper than rehab.
JILL: Than rehab.
These questions have been way too easy.
You ready for one more?
All right, come on.
Somebody ask a tough one.
Hi, Jill.
The bloggers are obsessed with your many looks on the show.
Well, those many looks go with those many personalities.
I was just curious-- have you had any work done?
- Well, I-- I know.
Wow.
- Whoa!
Whoa.
I have not had surgery.
And if I did, I wouldn't look like this.
I'd look amazing.
You know, just your typical-- and I think all the moms on the show have had some Botox and filler.
Yeah.
We talk about it.
I mean-- I'm not a mom.
All right, so I've got a question for Abby.
So, Abby, what's going on between you and Cathy right now?
I don't-- is she still eating my dust?
I don't know.
We went to Nationals.
We won.
She conceded.
She said, hey, the number was excellent.
She walked out.
Frankly, I thought I'd never see her again.
JEFF: And then what happened?
Well, you invited her to come on the show.
That's for sure, I did.
So our next guest is someone I like to call the Sue Sylvester of "Dance Moms.
She burns up the blogs when she's on the show.
She's our favorite little Candy Apple.
All the way from Canton, Ohio, it's time for Cathy.
JEFF: Razzle dazzle.
- Having a bad hair day, honey.
- So are you.
- You're having a bad hair day.
I hate the bitch.
I hate her.
JEFF: We've missed you, Cathy.
- You missed me?
Oh, good.
- Well, I did, anyway.
- I haven't.
- I know you haven't.
- So listen.
So before we get to it-- so, Cathy, you had a very difficult competition season last year.
And yet you are determined to beat Abby.
And she just said before you came out here that you were eating her dust.
So are you going to beat her this year or what?
Well, there's opportunities for me to have my group compete against her.
But that one single little win just burned my fire.
So it's just made it ignite, and I got a taste of that victory.
You know, every dog has their day, so-- I think she might beat you this year.
What're you going to do she beats you?
The way these kids are rehearsing and missing class and away every weekend doing that their thing-- absolutely she probably can beat me.
And don't you love the way she framed that?
The way she's gonna beat you because she has-- - Sure.
She's got a justifiable excuse.
- --creatively, artistically?
No.
Oh.
I'm here on the stage with Abby, Jill and Cathy.
But first we have another performance, and it's from the little girl that Abby says makes her invincible when it comes to the competitions.
So, Abby, I'm going to let you do the introduction for this one.
I would love to introduce Maddie performing "Piece of My Heart.
I wonder if you ever thought of me and how I'm doing.
And I wonder if you ever said, "Gosh, I miss her, and I just threw it away.
But it's all right.
'Cause you still have that little piece of my heart.
And it's all right 'cause I was strong and I let you go.
But you will always have that little piece in my heart.
I wonder if you ever thought of me and how I'm doing.
JEFF: Thank you, Maddie.
That was absolutely fantastic.
- Cathy, you just saw Maddie perform.
- Mm-hmm.
Tell us your professional opinion.
I definitely think that Maddie is a natural talent.
There's no doubt about that.
But, you know, I just think that Abby puts a lot of stock in Maddie.
And I think that maybe sometimes she should look beyond her horizons to other dancers and maybe not-- - Do you mean from other studios?
- No, not from other studios.
Because that, my dear, would be soliciting, which you always accuse me of.
Not at other dance studios.
You have some fine talent in your own studio that maybe get off the moms and try to focus more on the kids.
Cathy, you have never said anything in the world that I agree with, and I agree with that.
Cathy, everybody's taken their turn in the hot seat.
- It's your turn to be in the hot seat.
- Oh, gosh.
JEFF: So who has a question for Cathy?
Hi.
There's some rumors out there that Christi choked you at last year's Nationals.
- You want me-- you want me to answer?
- That's a hot question.
Okay, yes.
And I told you you should have sued the crap out of her.
JILL: Yeah, but why, why did Christi choke you?
- Who instigated it?
- Christi-- All right.
It was our last competition of the season.
- They had just lost badly.
- Okay.
- I'll just let her answer.
- Go ahead.
The ALDC girls were chanting, you know, rotten apples and all the apple jokes that we hear.
We were changing one, two, three, we are Abby Lee, which we do all the time.
- No.
No, you were not.
- Outside in front of the theater.
ABBY: Yes, we were.
- After we had won.
- You were yelling ALDC, ALDC.
- It was a celebratory chant.
No, it was not.
It was directed directly to us.
Anyhow-- Do you want me to answer the question?
Then you need to tell these ladies-- Oh, excuse me.
You need to tell these broads to shut up.
Okay.
So, anyhow, as I was saying-- Do they even use that word, broad, anymore?
- That's, like, from the olden days.
- It's from the 1920s.
Well, you're not too far behind me, and neither are you.
Okay.
So, anyhow, Christi was on me, you know, on those sparkly high heels that she wears.
And I had a bottle of water, and I thought, oh, if she comes near me it's going on her.
Because Sparky needs cooled down.
So I unscrewed the lid-- Well, you also know when you throw the water on the witch they melt.
You're right.
Thank you.
And there she was, and I turned around and threw the water at her.
And then she did this.
You know, if you watch the show, this is always in people's noses.
- You know, always in people's noses.
- All right.
They get the point.
And I slapped her hand away and she came after me.
You wait.
I'm going to choke that bitch when we go out there.
- I'm kidding.
- I know you are.
I'm like, please don't say that.
Can you choke Abby instead of Cathy?
And I had bruises on my clavicle bone.
- Well, she-- you fell off the curb.
- Well, she pushed me off the curb.
- But she didn't come after you.
- Yes, she most certainly did.
She pushed me right into a tree.
I just want to know where were my cameras?
But what did they say about her choreographer who was chastising-- KELLY: And swearing at our kids.
- --and swearing at the kids.
Who else has a question for Cathy in the audience?
Hi, Cathy.
Are we going to see Vivi dance again?
I would love to see Vivi blossom into a fabulous dancer, and I'm going to use all of my resources to help her go at her own pace.
No word from you?
Hey, when you show up with Vivi and we put her against Mackenzie, that's all the words I need.
I think the biggest mistake you ever made was taking Vivian out of my studio.
Oh, but Abby, I own my own dance studio.
I know.
I teach lots of other dance-- I'm not going to-- I'm not going to leave my child with you.
So how about one more question for Cathy?
Does anybody else have a question?
We've been reading that you are going to get new dancers to try and beat Abby.
Is this true?
What I need to focus on is what I'm going to be doing this season.
And I'm exploring my options.
How many of you guys love it when Cathy is on the show?
I mean, come on.
I think you're the one that should be called Sparky.
So, ladies, let's switch gears here for a second.
It's time for one of my favorite dancers.
And I can't help it, because she's the youngest one.
Give it up for Mackenzie, who has a solo for us.
You're the toffee apple of my eye, sweeter than a sugar daddy.
You're the sun that brightens up my sky, even when the storm is making it hazy.
Ring around me, Daisy.
You better get unlazy.
No matter what, I still want you.
I feel fine.
I feel fine and dandy.
You're the one I want possibly, maybe.
I'm so into you, baby.
You got me skipping double dutch and making daisy-- I'm so into you, baby.
You got me skipping double dutch and making daisy chains.
Daisy.
Daisy chains.
You got me making daisy chains.
Daisy.
Yeah, I do.
You got me making daisy chains for you.
For you.
I made you a bracelet.
Yes, you do.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.
JEFF: All right.
As you can see, Abby and all the moms have been reunited on the stage.
And they are preparing for a season of big reveals, big alliances, and new rivalries.
This next introduction is for a group performance.
It's all of our girls here together performing one of Abby's award winning controversial group numbers, "My Final Text.
So take it away, girls.
JEFF: okay, there you have it, the National Grand Champion winning routine.
So, Abby, this next question is for you.
So we just finished doing the competition elimination show this summer, where you got to eliminate people.
If we could change the rules around and you could eliminate one of these moms, who would you eliminate today?
I think that would be a five-way tie.
I'd keep the kids and I'd send them all packing.
Moms, do you think Abby would be as successful as she is without your kids?
I think that it's a symbiotic relationship, that Abby needs our girls just as much as our girls need Abby.
In the world, people know your name because of what the girls have been able to produce based on what you have taught them.
Whoa!
Wait a minute!
Are there dance teachers here?
A lot of people knew Abby's Girls.
I had Abby's Girls before you guys were even pregnant.
- And giving birth to children.
- But they were Abby's Girls.
They weren't Abby.
So, Christi, when you were out here before and you left, you seemed visibly upset.
I sat there and I watched this woman rip my daughter apart, again, on national television.
She had nothing negative to say about Nia, Mackenzie or Maddie.
She had horrible things about Chloe because she is jealous that Chloe has a fan base.
And I will tell you this.
People love Chloe and it drives her crazy.
She's the underdog.
Everybody loves the underdog.
Look at Rocky.
So, Christi, do you ever feel like that you take things too far?
Is it true that you tried to choke Cathy?
No.
There-- there was a lot of stuff going on that night.
I think it was Tanya who pushed you off the curb.
I lunged for you, like this.
But I think it was Tanya who actually put the fingers on you.
No.
Tanya was the one that pushed-- that got you off of me.
No, Cathy.
I never connected with you.
Tanya was the one that got you off of me.
Abby can't wait to have me arrested.
I know.
So does anybody else have anything they wanna get off their chest before we leave?
- Everyone's replaceable.
- Yes.
I know.
Replace me.
- Melissa, you've been awfully quiet.
- You know I, always try to find light.
And I said I always have a love for Abby.
My kids adore her.
I think anybody that watches the show can agree that Paige is probably the one that Abby picks on the most.
And, like, Paige had her communion.
We wrote out 200 invitations, and to her grandma, and to everybody.
And Paige just wrote everybody's name.
And for Abby's she put a big heart on it.
And, like, because all Paige wants is Abby's approval, even though she's mean to her.
We've got to wrap this up right here.
So, hopefully, we're going to be able to resolve some of these things in the season that's coming up.
Now, look, I know tonight things got a little heated.
But this was only the beginning.
It's time to take a look at an exclusive sneak preview of what will be one of the most volatile, chaotic, drama-filled seasons of "Dance Moms" yet to come.
So thanks for all of you ladies for being here.
And thank you at home for watching.
My world is with my girls, living on the dance floor.
JEFF: Coming up this season on "Dance Moms"-- Who would like to be on this particular team of the Abby Lee Dance Company?
I have two spots.
HOLLY: The team is not the same as Kelly, Paige and Brooke.
No.
I don't want to go back.
I'm just done with Abby torturing me and my kids.
Year after year her kid won a title.
Now she all over that title.
Hit the road, Jack.
There's always another kid, always.
Anybody from Michigan, Ohio, New Orleans, Chicago?
HOLLY: Hundreds of people showed up for this open audition.
I'm gonna keep you, you-- What if she finds someone better, cuter, more talented?
Shall we get our cat claws ready?
Hi.
Who are you?
ABBY: Well, welcome, star.
- Thank you.
They have warned me about her.
She's not all she seems.
You hear a lot of things, but that's not true.
Be grateful that Sophia has joined our group.
Look how thrilled I am.
ABBY: Everybody wants to be a superstar.
We need to do some sort of initiation.
We could put E6000 in her eyelash glue, because she's wearing eyelashes.
You know, like, the boy bands?
Well, you're my boy dance group that I've put together.
I need it to come from the heart, guys.
We are here to beat Abby Miller.
There's some kids on thin ice.
Kendall, you know what?
You're done.
Why you have to do this, I don't understand.
'Cause you get too big for your britches.
That's what happens.
The people dancing are 1,000 times better than you.
You go back to LA if that's what you want.
Don't cry.
You cry today, you're finished.
We can't compete with that here.
Next.
What are we doing to our kids?
Chloe was awful today.
She cheats.
She fakes it.
- You pick on the children!
- 'Cause you're an idiot!
Abby Lee Dance Company!
Get away from me.
Hi.
I have a trespassing issue.
You're replaced.
That's it.
Finished.
Done.
See what happens to people?
You do all this for the kid-- --you get them to win a national championship.
And then they all over you.
