ABBY LEE MILLER: Previously on "Dance Moms.
I need to win, that's why you guys are here.
I want to make a strong team, and I want to make a strong team with the people that I trust.
ABBY LEE MILLER: I get reports that you're kissing some guy backstage before you go on to compete?
I hope that was a rumor.
What was that we just saw?
You're kidding me!
In first place, Bad Girls.
And how old are you, double chin?
Watch your ugly mouth.
Vicky, you have to go.
I don't want you to hear rumors, blah blah blah, but I am looking for property in LA.
Coming up on "Dance Moms.
We're starting a new ball game.
This is our opportunity to build and get strong.
The Dream Team is here.
Abby's in LA.
I just want to be one of the first studios in Pittsburgh to bring this to the students.
Believe it or not, there's a lot of personalities like Abby in LA.
Drag Queens.
Show Anthony, show myself what you've got to offer.
Oh .
Put your mouth on vacation.
Get up, get on the floor.
My world is with my girls living on the dance floor.
John, what about the neighborhood?
I don't miss those kids back in Pittsburgh at all.
They better be in that studio working with Gianna and the rest of my staff-- Long lunge again, two arms up in high fifth, shoulders down.
Now my friend John and I are looking for property.
I want to open a studio here in California.
Hello.
How are you?
Good, how are you?
Fine, thanks.
My name is Abby Lee-- Sasha.
We just want to take a look at the space.
OK, sure.
I'll give you a walk around.
This is our pole studio.
Oh, my God, there's poles.
They're poles.
There are eight poles.
I'm looking for space without any poles or columns.
Oh, my goodness.
Kelly would probably make the best stripper, because A, she started out as a dancer, B, she failed at being a dancer, and C, she's always taking her clothes off.
I just had a structural engineer come to check out my roof to put this up.
Yes.
I just want to be one of the first studios in Pittsburgh to bring this to the students so that they're multifaceted, because this is the next step.
More and more often you see silks, and hammocks, and lires in all the award shows, and videos, and every cirque show.
So when I see silks, I get excited.
I think the more training a dancer has, the more opportunities will become available.
I'm having silks installed in my dance studio.
I love the space up here, I think I'll definitely be back.
It might not be to teach other children though.
Maybe I'll just come back to learn some moves.
Yes, good.
Seeing all these dance studios in Los Angeles really has me thinking about making the big move.
Who knows?
Maybe I'll be here permanently.
I'm pretty sure that Maddie and Mackenzie would follow me right here to California but I'm not so sure about those other kids.
CATHY: Hey, guys.
Hey, Candy.
I have to say welcome back.
Thank you.
And I have to say welcome.
Thank you.
After losing to Abby, this is going to be a really intense week for me.
I have a whole new team, I have a whole new everything.
I had a horrendous week.
We lost to the Abby Lee Dance Company, and quite frankly, I don't enjoy the feeling that I get when I lose.
Hey boy, .
In second place, entry number 75, Be Strong.
I'm more determined now to take the country by storm.
You know, Candy Apple Town or nothing.
Having Cathy invite me here and bring me here long time.
I think it took her for a while to trust me and to get to know who I am.
This lady has a lot of wisdom, she picks up where I left in certain areas sometimes, and I think that's why we have a great mold together.
I want to work with Cathy, because I like a challenge, and Cathy gives me a good challenge.
Me and Cathy are rebuilding this team so we can be true contenders and competitors to the Abby Lee Dance Company and my perspective.
Boys, you've come back, because you've danced with me for a couple of weeks.
Girls, you're new, hand picked.
So I've definitely decided to keep my three boys-- I've got Zack, Nick, and Jalen.
But I've also invited three new girls.
Hadley, you've got star quality, and I'm so happy to have you here.
And you, I'm so happy to have you here.
Love your dress, by the way.
Thank you.
YVETTE: When Cathy called to invite Hadley to her team, I was thrilled.
I think Cathy and I definitely have the same goal-- we both want to beat Abby Lee Miller.
Don't turn off your light tonight.
YVETTE: Abby tried to break Hadley.
ANNOUNCER 1: Abby, I'm reading your facial expression, and you don't seem that happy.
Should I say roadkill?
She wants nothing more than to go against Abby and show her how much she has improved.
I think you're so positive, and I love Anthony.
I think this is the best fit.
You have some fans.
CATHY: Campbell, you have an amazing presence on stage.
ALLI: Campbell as a dancer has always been a winner, and people just fall in love with her for her.
Not only her on stage, but also her off stage.
I want Campbell to be a part of Candy Apples, because Cathy is looking for her ultimate dream team, and she wants to win.
Mari, you have amazing extensions, and that's why you were invited.
Mari is a title winner, she has a mother who's a dance teacher.
I want Mari to have the best possible opportunities in the industry, and I feel that Cathy is a leader in the industry.
And if anybody is going to get my little girl known and can get doors open for her, it's Cathy.
This is a big opportunity for all of you.
I don't know who's going to have a solo this week, I don't know who is going to have some highlighting done in the group dance, I don't know any of that until Anthony and I start to look at what you can do.
So not only am I going to be looking for a good, solid team to take this nation by storm-- not to mention Abby who's as big as the nation-- somebody may go home.
It's not a contest.
For me, that is.
It could be a contest for all of you.
But I need to know that you guys are going to defend me come hell or high water.
Oops, come H-E double hockey sticks or water.
Usually, I like to work with uneven numbers.
You can always pull out that strong dancer and highlight them, and then you're symmetric on either side with your remaining dancers.
So we definitely need to cut the team down.
I'm more serious and more determined now than ever.
You've got to let me know that this right now is what you want so bad, you can taste it, and it is sweet like a candy apple.
I'm all about fun and games, but I'm not Abby.
We will win, and we will be the best.
Well, that was intense.
That as so intense.
So spread out.
Some of this may be just take a cross and you go, from here, you go step, passé.
CATHY: The group dance this week is about experiencing boyfriend, girlfriend, first hand hold, first kiss, first finding out that you're attracted to someone and have kind of deep feelings for them.
From there, just roll over.
And this is where I want to see each of you individually.
How humiliating would it be for your little girl or boy to be the only one to be eliminated.
This is so nerve wracking that we've come this far.
I put everything on hold back at home-- my businesses, my family.
I'm here for Mari.
I hope Mari's not the one going home.
- Can I ask you a question?
- Sure.
He's a hip hop dancer, he spins on his head.
You know, he does a lot more than spin on his head.
My daughter-- does pirouettes, right?
OK.
You could take somebody off the street and teach them how to do hip hop street dance.
That's like me saying you can take any kid off the street and teach them how to spin.
You can't.
GINA D: Jalen is obviously very talented, but present time right now, Mari would be the more versatile dancer.
If anybody is going to be cut from this team, it should be Jalen.
So you can take any kid off the street and teach them how to do ballet then, right?
No, you can't.
But you can take any kid off the street and teach what my son does?
Yes, you can.
So there's no training in break dancing.
I can't talk to you, because now you're fighting with me.
And it's like, I'm not saying that, OK?
- You're being defensive.
- This conversation is over.
- You are being really defensive.
- All right, good.
Let's figure it out.
Rick is a yeller.
I don't roll like that.
It's out of control.
I'm concerned, because we came to be on a winning team and beat Abby.
I just think that some of the parents need to keep their nose in their own business.
No, he's crazy.
Gina-- Gina-- he comes from the streets.
ABBY LEE MILLER: I've decided that it's time for the Abby Lee Dance Company to expand, so I'm going to check out some studio spaces in the Los Angeles area.
I always wanted to be a Cali girl, and Lord knows I don't want to die in Pittsburgh.
This is our main dance floor, you can come in here if you like.
Ooh.
We get a lot of kids in here, especially during the summer.
You do?
I wanna check out the mirrors here.
I love how they go all the way to the floor.
Yes.
I'm a big perfectionist when it comes to feet.
Other than New York, Los Angeles is the best market for dance.
I want to move to someplace sunnier, nicer, a little more fun.
There's plenty of child stars come to Los Angeles to make it.
Certainly they can use my training.
- Thank you very much, honey.
- Pleasure meeting you.
Good, and then you need to get into your press, right?
I think you just need to roll this way and get into it.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Even though I'm away in LA, I've given my faculty my permission to teach my work.
So everybody better be at that studio improving, working, training.
Try that.
Hey, what are we going to toast to?
Because Abby's in LA.
When is Abby coming back?
Oh, God, I don't know.
Here's to never coming back.
Amen.
Melissa, you downed It already.
She's all like, I don't drink that, she's like .
It's such a relief to go to dance and not have Abby screaming at the kids.
It's actually been kind of nice not having the big shadow hanging over our heads when we enter the studios.
How in God's good earth is she going to make it in LA?
- They love her there.
- I don't know.
When I visit LA, I am obese.
And you said they love Abby there?
Believe it or not, there's a lot of personalities like Abby in LA.
Drag queens?
So what does that leave for the studio here?
Why would she just abandon this one and just open up something totally different-- Because she wants that to be successful, and this will be gone.
Do you think that Cathy will keep coming after us at future competitions?
Yes.
Cathy will not give up.
Cathy will enter herself in the open solo category and dance her own dance if it means competing against us.
Cathy is like a cockroach.
It can survive a nuclear Holocaust, and it's still crawling around.
Cathy will still be crawling into dance competitions.
Well, I think Cathy's team is in shambles.
They are in shambles.
Maybe she's like recruiting more.
Something's going on.
I absolutely know we'll be seeing Cathy again, because she can't leave us alone.
All right, cheers to an Abby free world.
- Cheers!
- Hallelujah!
Candy Apples Dance Center.
All right, guys.
I want to tell you a little bit about the dance.
I got so many ideas going on, and I'm thinking what I do want to talk about is experiencing our first kiss.
Any of you have boyfriends and girlfriends?
- I do.
- You do?
- No, I don't.
- No boyfriends?
I have one.
So a kiss on the cheek?
Mom, you didn't hear anything.
Have you had first kiss yet?
I don't know.
Actually I had lips kind of slipped on-- - Really?
Really?
- Yeah, really.
Hey, listen, you guys.
Gina's not back yet, do you think I should call her?
Do you have her number?
Yeah, I have her number.
Hey, Gina, it's Donna.
Hi.
Good.
We're all sitting here wondering if you're-- What's happening?
Are you coming?
Yeah, well that's you know going to put us behind the eight ball, because you know, they've been rehearsing all day already.
Does she pick up fast?
You know, do you think she'll be able to learn this?
Five, six, seven, eight.
- Hey.
- How are you guys?
- We're OK.
So guys, I wanted to let you know that the competition is Dance USA, and it's in Youngstown which is literally like an hour from here.
This is my backyard.
I want to leave the calling card, and I want Ohio to know that you know this is the starting place for this premier dance team.
OK, I have to have perfection, I have to have amazing choreography that I'm on board with.
I'm doing a mental head count-- where is Mari?
I am still assessing this team.
We've only been together a day or so.
The fact that Mari is not here and she's absent really kind of proves to me what her commitment is to this team.
How about if you guys just show me with my counts what you guys have been working on?
Five, six, seven, eight.
And one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
And one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
OK so, so far what I'm seeing is brilliant on your part.
Go and rehearse what you've been given so far, Anthony and I will chat.
Kids get to go out.
I like what I saw Zack doing, I like what I saw Hadley doing, - Campbell is weak.
- Is a mess, she's weak.
She's the weak link.
Maybe we need to give her a little bit more time.
So Mari isn't here, Campbell isn't cutting it as far as choreography, competition days away.
This is not how I envisioned it to be.
I'm going to have to make a couple of phone calls.
This is Cathy from Candy Apple Dance Centre.
Oh hi.
was talking.
I don't want to even use your name, that's why I keep saying her.
I got a name I want to call you too that's not your own, but I'm trying to be respectful.
I've met Black Patsy before, and she's a lovely lady to me.
I know that her daughter, Nicaya, is a good dancer.
Well, listen I'm actually down a dancer, and I was wondering if your daughter was interested in coming over to Candy Apples to try and do a competition this week for me.
I want to see what they can add to my team.
I think that not only will Nicaya step up and show me that she's a strong dancer, but I also think that Black Patsy is going to come to bat for me.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Oh, hey.
Sunflowers?
So I'm in my dressing room getting into the makeup and hair, it's a big long process, and who walks in to surprise me but John.
Word on the street, she's been doing competitions, and you know that.
She can do whatever she wants, just stay the hell away from me.
But you still have to strategize.
What if you went and had some of the moms go watch a competition, just to kind of check it out just to see, I mean, that's smart, I mean, any business would do that.
You have to remember, you're a business.
Well, Joe would be the only one, because she really despises Cathy.
I found out that, you know, the Wicked Witch of the West, that evil dance teacher that shouldn't even be allowed to open, yes.
She is attending another competition with her new team.
And he thinks that some of my mom's should go spy.
So why not find out what she's up to?
Well, then give me the phone, I'll call her.
- JILL : Hello?
- Hey, Jill, it's John.
JILL : Oh, hi John.
How are you?
I'm good, how are you?
And it's Abby Miller.
She's lying down.
Well, I should rephrase that, but she is lying down.
We were just talking about her friend, Cathy.
Go ahead, you tell her what you were-- A little digging, we just need you to do a little digging.
ANTHONY BURRELL: Go.
You've got to go both legs.
One, two.
You got to put those feet together.
Once you turn, put your feet together, then separate them.
Six, seven, see each other, and then look, and look, and a one two three.
Now up.
- Hey.
- CHILDREN: Hi, Cathy.
How are you guys this morning?
ANTHONY BURRELL: I'm cool.
I got Mari caught up a little bit, because I-- Oh, Mari is here?
Mari, how are you feeling?
You're better?
Is she working hard?
ANTHONY BURRELL: Yeah, she's working hard.
OK, listen guys.
I have made my decision on solos.
Oh, my God.
My first solo is going to be given to Zack.
Zack has a solo this week which is phenomenal, I am really excited about it.
I have every confidence that he will not disappoint.
My second solo is going to go to Hadley.
I'm ecstatic.
Anthony is an incredible choreographer, he's an incredible instructor, he's very passionate about dance.
My ultimate goal for this is to take our own dream team and beat Abby.
I feel bad for Nick.
I do, he works so hard, this kid.
I think that Nick has proved to Cathy all these times that we've been here.
He's so versatile with all styles of dance.
And the other parents, they need to pay their dues before they get some solos and some specialty parts.
Nick should be Cathy's leading man.
ANTHONY BURRELL: So Had, you got two days.
We got to go hard.
So the music I got for you is called "The Golden Couch.
It's about being a woman, being glamorized, and being really elegant.
- OK.
- Cool?
But go .
I'm really excited that Cathy gave me a solo, because now I get to show her all of my skills that I can do.
And I want to show her that I'm going to stay on this team.
Boom boom, boom boom, boom boom.
Step.
This way?
You got to give me give me two arms facing this way before you tip over.
Hadley is an amazing dancer.
I think that she warrants a solo.
She has this effervescent glow about her.
She's like a golden girl.
- So good.
- CATHY: good.
job, Hadley.
YVETTE: Hadley can learn a lot from Anthony, and the best quality that Anthony has is that he has the quality to pull so much from kids versus Abby Lee Miller-- she doesn't care about anything but winning.
And if it's even taking a kid down, it doesn't matter to her.
And I know firsthand about Abby Lee Miller taking kids down.
And sit down.
Abby, this performance is not roadkill.
ANTHONY BURRELL: Come on, Zack.
The title of the solo is "Puppet," so it's going to be a lot of fun for you.
The costume for this dance is going to be incredible.
That costume is going to transform Zack from a boy to a puppet.
It's just something to make you heavy, we just got to find ways to make you heavy, yeah?
Zack is definitely in his element when he does contemporary.
I just think that with Zack's ability to get a story-line across, that this could really be a brilliant moment for Zack.
I don't know if we have more at stake.
CATHY: It's always that same everlasting goal that we want to beat Abby.
ANTHONY BURRELL: Great job, though.
Good job.
I'll get you that song tonight.
And it's going to be like that every competition.
Even when we start to develop a history base of winning, we're still always going to have to be on our game.
Two, three, four, and five, six-- Hello.
CATHY: Hi.
Nice to see you.
Problems are just coming.
Oh, my God.
She's awful.
I didn't think that Cathy would have selected Black Patsy and Nicaya to be part of her team.
Black Patsy has a reputation of being very vocal.
She's a fighter.
Shut your big month.
You shut up, bitch, I'm grown!
Shut up!
Who you talking to?
CATHY: You need to get her in, we're working on choreography.
Get back here and understudy her.
Get back here and understudy here.
Please, learn everything that she's doing.
She's going to learn the choreography now too?
So we're going to have to go back, teach her.
Oh, hello, welcome.
Hi.
So what brings you over here to Canton?
We were called.
Now that Mari's feeling better, why do we have to bring in this other little dancer?
I don't know what to think of that.
CATHY: All right, guys, in a straight line, please.
This is serious.
We are leaving tomorrow to go to competition.
You guys have to have some passion.
I'm expecting people to be better.
Jalen and Campbell, you know that this is not your element, and I need to cut somebody from the group dance right now.
Campbell, I need to have you sit down, you're cut from the group dance.
Wow.
CATHY: I want you to sit, and I want you to learn.
You're off on everything.
I think that if you sit and you watch and you learn, that there might be hope.
I've made a decision that I'm taking Campbell out of the group dance.
I'm going to make her an understudy.
She's just not right for the contemporary team.
ALLI: I'm mortified that Campbell's on this group dance.
She's an understudy, she's an understudy.
And she's kind of been cast off to the side.
I don't like that, I will not make it up to fail.
Mom, it's over, I don't want to-- It's only over if you believe that.
Can you please wipe the tears?
CATHY: Guys, let's get stretched out.
OK.
JILL: Abby's in LA, and she had asked me to find out what Cathy's up to.
Who's on her team?
Where's she going?
What are the kids doing?
We've never done dance USA before.
So that's what we're here for is to scout out some new competitions.
10-12, CAD Dancer, Candy Apples Dance.
- That's a name?
- No, no names.
So we'll have to go do some sneaking around to investigate.
I have something in my eye.
- It's like glue.
- ZACK: I'm changed.
CATHY: OK.
The shorts are hideous.
You don't want to dance like that, that's going to make you feel like a goof.
ZACK: They ride up like-- Yeah.
I'm calling the shots on this one, he's like going out in those Speedos.
Thank you.
I don't put my dancers out on stage if they're uncomfortable, and it's going to hinder their dance.
Zack is not going out in those Speedos.
I'm not going to put somebody out there and have them look like a fool.
Your choreography is in jeopardy.
ANTHONY BURRELL: This is a puppet.
CATHY: He looks dumb.
- This is a puppet.
CATHY: No.
- Yes.
Cathy and Gina are making these crazy decisions.
You know, if Zack doesn't wear those shorts, I don't think he's going to do as well.
He's just showing his inner divaness.
All right, now you're crying.
I love your dance.
You're supposed to be emulating-- ZACK: I was feeling confident until now.
GINA: It's just heartbreaking to me, because I know that he's feeling so much pressure.
And I'm not going to let him go out there uncomfortable.
Oh, much better.
You feeling better?
We're good.
Hey, you're good, you're good.
Hello.
We have unwelcome guests.
JILL: So what is going on here?
I see you got some new team members?
- ANTHONY BURRELL: Welcome, ladies.
- Thank you.
- Well aren't you just a nosy one?
- JILL: Yes, I am.
YVETTE: Abby Lee Miller got her spies out.
I'm loving it.
I feel like they're starting to squirm.
I know from experience, this is a waste of your time.
They let he back in!
She got kicked out of the last competition!
No, we walked away, we walked away.
No, they escorted you out.
They told us the police are here just in case you have a little issue.
We walk into the dressing room, and there's a Black Patsy, and she has this new look.
And she looks exactly like Holly-- has Holly's hairdo, is dressed like Holly.
I'm thinking to myself, are you trying to be Holly?
Because you'll never be like Holly, Black Patsy.
No matter how hard you try, you'll just never be like Darker Holly.
Ugh.
Ew, I smell something.
So did you bring some competition numbers?
We're just here scouting out.
CATHY: So what are you scouting for?
We never did this competition, so we were just coming to see what it's like.
Oh, right.
So this is their assignment that they've been given to come scout this competition out which is nothing but a facade.
I think that that just proves that Abby is threatened by my team.
ANNOUNCER 2: Next up we're going to go to contestant number 56 in our junior division, 10 to 12 age range.
Please welcome to stage, contestant number 56, Gold Couch.
once blue, now painted green.
Gold, couch, used to trace the clouds in the seams.
And I watched .
I tried my best .
never, they seemed to me.
And I wish away.
She is so in the moment, she's so passionate, she is telling the story of the piece that Anthony choreographed for her.
It was amazing.
ANNOUNCER 2: Solo division, please welcome to the stage contestant number 35, "The Puppet.
If all you sent me free-- Make sure you can stand on We can't keep We'll always see your mistakes.
JILL: Zack and Hadley are beautiful dancers, no one can take that away from them.
But remember, Cathy didn't create those dancers.
She plucked them from some other dance studio and now is claiming them as hers.
I will take our little dancers any day over Cathy's kids.
JILL : Hello?
Hey, Jill, how are you doing?
JILL : Oh, hey.
Hi, Abby.
Are you still out the competition?
I want to know every little detail, what is the Wicked Witch of the West up to?
Jill, come on, spill the beans.
JILL : You can't believe, Abby, who she had with her.
She has Hadley.
Hadley?
You mean roadkill?
JILL : And her mom.
Well, that mother is crazy.
JILL : And she had Nicaya and Kaya.
You owe me big time for coming here.
Cathy's a pain in my ass.
Jill go back to the competition and watch, text me.
Give me a buzz if anything comes up.
JILL : OK, all right.
Sound good.
Be safe.
See you soon.
Take care, you too, bye bye.
Even though I'm not at my studio physically, I'm there in spirit, and my curriculum is being taught the way I would present it.
Hopefully the kids are working diligently, fine tuning their technique.
No-- you're together, shoot, it circles and goes up, together, sit.
Really put it on your head.
ABBY LEE MILLER: I'm confident Gianna's in rehearsal, she can handle it.
I'm proud.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Hadley's growing, and she's shining.
She wants please you.
It's not about me.
She doesn't want you to yell at her.
Like she's trying to be a perfectionist for you.
You're the reason why we were here.
Did you hear her?
I think it's a little disheartening Yvette makes it clear that she's here for Anthony.
I think if Anthony walked out the door tomorrow, Yvette would be trailing behind.
Why do you keep saying you're here for Anthony?
If you're supposed to be here for Cathy, why won't you-- why do you keep saying that?
We're team ---- look at this.
I've got my Apple core on, I'm Apple today.
She's only here for you and not for the team.
Smarten up right now, OK.
The choreographer is going to pick the dancers.
Well, that's why you're all up his ass all day.
You're smiling, but behind our back you're probably holding a knife.
- Wait, no, no, no, no, no, no.
- She is, yes, she is.
No.
I thought I was starting to like you.
You feel like when Hadley's dancing, you're dancing.
You are living though your daughter.
- I'm not living through her.
- Yes, you are.
No, wrong.
No, the are coming.
- Quiet!
- Don't yell at me again!
What is all this bickering going on?
I hear nothing but chit chat out in the hall.
I am wearing-- I'm a Candy Apple, look at this.
Whoa.
She just said she was here for Anthony.
She said it three times today, she's not her for you.
Whoa.
Sit down and be quiet, because nobody is going to let you win.
I'm out.
The only winning that we need to be talking about is either one of our soloists or one of our groups.
This is Happyland.
These parents have got to know that they're coming together in support of Candy Apples, and they better stop.
ANTHONY BURRELL: Come here, guys.
It's been a week of ups and downs, guys.
You guys have the talent, the passion, and the courage to do this.
Go out there, and do what you love, that's all you have to do.
Whoever's going to get cut from the Candy Apples team is going to be heartbroken.
And honestly, I don't know how I'm going to make this decision.
I need you to be ready in that wing if anything happens, OK?
Let's go.
- Who are we?
- Apple Core!
Apple Core!
Apple Core!
All right, guys.
ANNOUNCER 3: This is contestant number 76 in our 10 to 12 age group.
Please welcome to stage, "Wide Eyes.
I am concerned about the group number.
I'm hoping that Mari will prove herself and maybe she'll earn a spot on that team.
Yeah!
the pace of modern day.
Would you believe me when I say I believe in all you talk about, and keep those open ears.
And never feel that never-ending .
ANNOUNCER 3: Contestant number 76.
KELLY: You know, I sat and watched Hadley's team dance today, and I really don't feel like they're a threat to us.
You can pick your team, but we're still better than you.
ANNOUNCER 4: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to .
We're going to announce our high scores in the solos at this time.
Fifth tie sore going to "Suit and Tie Effect.
Fourth high score, "One Beautiful Evening.
For third high score, ladies and gentlemen, put your hands together for "The Puppet.
Yay, Zack!
ANTHONY BURRELL: Zack did an amazing job, but I have to say, I think he would place higher if he wore the costume that I envisioned for him.
I think the judges would have seen the vision.
ANNOUNCER 4: Team solo category, third high score "Let Me Be A Star.
Second highest score, ladies and gentleman, "Gold Couch.
CATHY: Hadley was second.
I'm not upset.
I know that Hadley is a top overall winner.
And you know, there are days that you take second.
ANNOUNCER 4: And in the junior group category-- your second highest score in the junior group category-- ladies, and gentlemen "The Prayer.
And without further ado, we're going to have a drum roll for your high score going to-- "Wide Eyes.
CATHY: Top overall group.
Take that back to Pittsburgh, and hand it over to Abby Lee.
ANNOUNCER 4: Wonderful job today, keep up the great work.
Take a bow.
CATHY: All of the dancers are starting to feel like my little Apples, so I'm not sure.
Before I kick anybody off the team, I need to talk to Vivi about it.
GIANNA: Wait, it goes-- hit, hit, down, up, chainé, chainé.
Go again.
You guys don't look exactly the same on the part-- this part?
You guys don't look exactly the same, and you need to.
Do it again.
ABBY LEE MILLER: I want to call Gianna back in Pittsburgh, because I want to find out just who's been in class and who hasn't.
Because some of their moms think that when Abby's away, the mouse can play.
And I'm sorry, but that's not the way it is.
- GIANNA : Hello?
- Hey, Gianna.
How are you doing?
GIANNA : Hi, Abby.
Good, how are you?
I'm good, does everybody miss me?
GIANNA : I miss you.
I found some space.
John and I have been looking.
GIANNA : Oh really?
Yeah, believe it or not, we might end up in Beverly Hills.
So I sent Jill and some of the moms to kind of spy on Cathy and her kids.
So I'm not sure what our first competition back is, but if we end up competing against them, those girls better be in tip top shape.
GIANNA : They will be.
All right, listen, I got to go catch some rays.
Gotta run.
GIANNA : All right, bye, I'll see you soon.
Ooh, .
Why are they following us?
Vivi, you didn't dance today?
No, how come?
OK.
Why do you worry about what Vivi is doing?
I'm asking Vivi a question.
CATHY: You don't need to ask her why she's not dancing.
Why?
I think that Jill, Kelly, and Holly you're just a bunch of damn stalkers.
Why would you be at a competition if your kids are not performing?
I noticed you had four girls, but only three danced.
Well, there were four girls sitting on stage.
Would you let her talk instead of running your mouth?
- Where are your kids?
- They're on vacation.
Well, you know what?
Put your mouth on vacation.
- Shut up.
- Who said shut up?
How old are you?
You said my daughter sucked, remember?
That little girl cannot dance, your daughter cannot dance.
Well, you know what's funny?
We said the same thing about your little girl.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Next on "Dance Moms.
Maddie's doing a solo at Abby's Ultimate Dance Competition.
You want to go to dinner tonight, you better get it together.
Jalen's going to go against Mari.
Jalen will beat Mari hands down.
You can't find your legs.
Plié.
ANNOUNCER 5: "Dance Moms," Maddie of the Abby Lee Dance Company.
You have called me a joke, you think about it.
Cathy.
CATHY: Oh, my gosh, are you crying?
Ideally, I want a team of five.
You can do the math.
