ABBY: Previously, on "Dance Moms"-- We need to beat Cathy.
She's dirt under your feet.
CATHY: We won last time.
Remember that.
I'm really not sure who I want to use as Rosa Parks.
Let's give it to one of the blondes.
JILL: Christi and Kelly are going berserk.
She just threw all of us under the bus.
CATHY: You guys are the best of the best.
That's why you're here.
Brooke doesn't know what she's doing.
COMPETITION EMCEE: First place-- "Rosa Parks.
CHRISTI: Ding dong, the witch is dead.
Every time I've seen your kid, they do the exact same move.
There's nothing different.
ABBY: Coming up on "Dance moms.
Abby, your guest is here.
Is she fabulous?
GIA: Yeah.
Oh, oh, there's some hairography going on down there.
RACHELLE: I want you to have a secret.
Show-- There's a few of them that have some secrets.
Which you got on your finger, there?
I got married!
Wait, what?
This is what she does to you every weekend.
And you let her psych you out.
JILL: This is your team.
These are your girls.
This is your name on their backs.
I'm really nervous.
[THEME - NIKKO LOWE, "LIVING ON THE DANCE FLOOR"] THEME SONG: Get up.
Get on the floor.
My world is with my girls, living on the dance floor.
Let's go now.
All right.
We went to Powerhouse Dance Competition in Cincinnati, Ohio and we won.
The overall high score winners-- Entry number 87, "Rosa Parks.
ABBY: The Cathy, sitting in that audience, having to watch you guys win that overall, priceless.
You're only as good as your last win.
So I can not teach these girls to rest on their laurels.
This week, we will be attending Dance Expressions in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Now let's start the pyramid.
We have Brooke.
Not only did you forget the routine, but you talked to Rosa Parks.
Why are you talking to Rosa Parks?
BROOKE: I was like, oh, my gosh.
I just messed up so bad.
And she jumped on the thing.
I wasn't really-- And she's like, "What do I do?
What do I--" And I was like, oh, my god.
Kelly, you're laughing.
Because she was funny.
I don't think it's funny.
We could have lost.
Do you have any idea what happened up there?
She forgot.
She's human.
Just like every one of these kids have forgotten their dances on onstage.
So I've come to the conclusion that you need a break.
I'm just missing you today.
Go ahead.
You can go.
I can't believe that Brooke walked into the pyramid and is standing in front of me.
Come on, Brooke.
You stood on stage and wandered aimlessly.
I'm really dismissing Brooke so that she can go find her brain.
Is she not supposed to come away this weekend?
ABBY LEE MILLER: She is not traveling with us.
She is expected, however, to be in class.
All right.
Next, I have Mackenzie.
You didn't dance.
Tell me, how's the foot feeling now?
It's getting better.
Have you learned that if you stay off of it and rest it, that it will heal?
So doing swing through cartwheels isn't going to help you.
Next, Nia-- you were outstanding.
I thought you were the right choice.
And I thought that you were beautiful in the white costume.
I think Rosa parks would be very proud.
HOLLY FRAZIER: I'm disappointed that Nia's not on the top the pyramid this week because I think she danced extremely well.
And if Nia wasn't a convincing Rosa Parks, that group dance would not have won.
ABBY: Next, Kendall-- she was the second overall high scorer out of all those juniors.
And that's where she is?
That's where you are.
Next, Chloe-- You were part of a duet.
You won the overall high score in the duet trio division.
Did you win?
Yes.
Was it your best performance of your life?
No.
Not only is Chloe back on the pyramid, but she's back in the second row.
So it's a good week for Clo.
ABBY: Next, we have Paige.
You came to me.
You asked me for the duet.
I gave you the duet.
That was good.
It's up to you to want it.
And I keep telling you that.
And now, at the top of the pyramid, Maddie.
This should be a standing ovation.
You gave people chills when you were dancing.
That's what it's all about.
And if she does not, you can all do that.
If you're giving your audience chills, you're doing something right.
Kendall, you have another solo.
This time, we're going to work on your stamina.
Start jogging in place and don't make a sound.
I have another solo going to Chloe.
CHLOE: This is my first solo back from being suspended.
And I really want to impress Miss Abby and prove to her that I do want to be here and that I do want this.
And I'm willing to work extra hard for it.
ABBY: And Maddie, I'm going to change it up a little bit this week.
And I'm going to kind of make you the leader.
So instead of a solo, you're doing a duet with Mackenzie.
The name of your duet is called "Run From Mother.
Now the name of the group routine, I will tell you.
But that's all I'm telling you.
Because there's a big surprise element involved.
The name of the group routine is "Gold Digger.
All right?
Why don't we start to warm-up and everybody start jogging.
Moms, I'm dismissing you.
Go ahead and go.
Now the name of this group routine is called "Gold Digger.
You think about a woman looking for a guy that has money to spend on them.
She doesn't really like the guy.
She doesn't really think he's cute.
CHLOE: Oh, she just likes him for the money.
ABBY: She just wants the money, yes.
We call this routine "Golddigga.
The girls are flirty with the audience.
And there's some Fosse moves.
A 1, a 2-- stay in pli.
JILL: Gold digger.
CHRISTI: Um, what you got on your finger there?
I got married!
Aw!
JILL: Yay!
Congratulations!
-On a Monday night.
-Can you tell us about it?
What do you mean, you got married?
I got married.
And my best girl was Paige.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Was it quick and dirty?
HOLLY FRAZIER: Aw.
-Wait, what?
-Did you wear your gown?
I did.
I wore my dress.
Stop.
What?
Rewind.
When did you get married?
On Monday.
And how about-- How good am I at keeping a secret?
-Thank you.
-You're so good at keeping a secret.
I knew because Paige was there.
KELLY: Did you know you were getting married on a Monday in your living room?
MELISSA ZIEGLER: Yeah.
Like, we just went dress shopping.
Why were you trying on, like, gowns?
HOLLY: Oh, that's a pretty picture.
I didn't see that.
MELISSA: It's what you guys wanted to do.
Hey, look, Maddie's foot.
Abby is the queen of subtleties.
Do you think that "Golddigga" is a tribute to one of the moms?
Hit, ball-change.
Abby, your guest is here.
ABBY: She is?
GIA : She's here.
Is she fabulous?
GIA: Yeah.
ABBY: Is she ready to work?
Yeah.
I'll stay in here.
GIA: So-- ABBY: You stay in here.
MELISSA: And what's our surprise?
I'd like to know what our surprise is.
ABBY: Hello, everybody.
Hi.
This is your surprise!
Hello.
Surprise!
MELISSA: Who is that?
Do you know who it is?
Who is it?
JILL: Wait.
I know exactly who that is.
Is it the girl from "Flashdance?
CHRISTI: Wowza.
KELLY: I'm built just like her underneath of this outfit I have on.
HOLLY: That's definitely her.
Because I remember seeing her on stage.
ABBY: This is Rachelle Rak, a dear, long-time-- I'm no going to say old friend.
No, old friend.
A dear, long-time friend of mine who is from Pittsburgh and made it to Broadway.
RACHELLE: Yeah!
ABBY: Yes.
ABBY: And she's really well-known for her Fosse style.
Right now, she is currently in the tour of "Flashdance.
I saw it.
RACHELLE: You did?
Well, good.
I'm going to give you a lot of Fosse, a lot of-- You can call me Rachelle or Sass.
My nickname is Sass.
ABBY: I invited Rachelle to choreograph the group dance this week.
With this particular Abby Lee Dance Company Competition team, we do all the choreography in-house.
But I'm making an exception because I want my girls to work with a professional, a professional Broadway veteran.
I just hope Rachelle can live up to my expectations.
Pinch your blades.
Good.
These are your shoulder blades.
Nice.
Now pull it out-- not so turned it.
Open your feet up a little bit.
Good.
Now Let's rock-- right, left, small, right, left.
And now I want you to do this little hip move.
And I want you to have a secret.
Can you show me that you have a secret?
Are you ready?
ABBY: Oh, there's a few of them that have some secrets.
RACHELLE: That's what I want to see.
Feet together, here we go.
Four birdie arms into a snooty walk.
A 5, 6, 7, and down, down, good.
Maybe this is Abby's way of taking a vacation this week.
That's what I said.
She's, like, down there on her phone.
JILL: Yeah, maybe she's taking a page out of Cathy's book.
"Oh, I'll just hire a choreographer, sit on my butt.
They can do all the work.
You know what, though?
I'm glad.
Because I think-- JILL: Oh, I think it's great.
...it's a great change for the kids.
RACHELLE: So all the things that I've been talking to you about-- finding, standing in your everything, and the walking through your legs, walking through, doing the turns, putting you on the spot, making you do-- these are the things I want to do for you, Paige, because I want to pull you out and give you some features in this number.
This is such an exciting moment for Paige.
I wish Brooke was here to see it.
- I know.
RACHELLE: You know, sometimes, a choreographer will say, "Rachelle, what, what do you have?
Well I would say, this is what I have.
Here you go.
You want to see it?
Ba-dah, ha, sit, reach, head, yes, and bite the apple.
ABBY: Woo!
Bravo!
Oh, oh, there's some hairography going on down there.
Paige can do that.
RACHELLE: 4, 5, 6, 7, give me a little more sass there.
ABBY: Rachelle has great energy.
I mean she's a guest.
It's like a substitute teacher.
But Rachelle, you better speed it up and teach this number, or you're never going to get it finished.
Same thing, all right?
Feet together, turned in, pigeon toed, eyes front-- This is hurting Chloe right now, to be pigeon toed.
She's like, .
JILL: Yeah.
Does Abby see she's teaching them to turn their feet in?
I don't know.
HOLLY: Abby's is a control freak.
She never brings in guest choreographers.
And I hope that Rachelle's choreography is good enough for the girls to win this week.
Hello.
ABBY: Hello.
Brooke, hurry up.
You're already eight minutes late for class.
KELLY: Then drive to my house and pick her up, Abby.
That's not the way it works.
Tell her to call a taxi.
She's 14.
Nobody ever has the week off.
So let's just make sure that Brooke is in all the senior company classes that she's supposed to take.
She's a .
GIA: It was 15, yes.
KELLY HYLAND: ABBY: Hello, Kendall.
Late, late, late, always late.
Kendall, what are you waiting for out there?
You keep waiting for your mother to go places, you're going to be late the rest of your life.
Kendall, good afternoon to you too, huh?
Don't slam my door.
I'll slam whatever I want.
KELLY HYLAND: Come here, Paige.
Make sure, in the beginning, when you do that, like, - ...rocking your hips-- - Come on, girls.
Let's go.
ABBY: Come on, come on, come on.
Ooh, this is heavy.
I want to start right into the group routine.
How was working with Rachelle, last night?
It's a lot different than what we usually do.
So it was kind of fun learning, like, new steps that we don't do.
That's Bob Fosse.
Or, that's Rachelle Rak.
That's what they want.
So it's important, as a professional dancer, to give the choreographer and the director and the producers what they want.
You know, I wish there was a magic pill that I could take that I could look like Rachelle in a leotard.
At 40-some.
I actually have something we could do.
I think you-- -To look like her.
I don't know if we're going to look like her.
It's called wiring your jaw shut.
- like, miracle.
JILL: Which you'll need for the next 10 years.
CHRISTI: It's called wiring your jaw shut.
-There are these wraps.
And it's like 12 different plant extracts.
And they're on like a piece of fabric.
You, like, put the fabric on your belly.
And then you wrap yourself in cellophane.
And you leave it on for, like, 45 minutes.
And it tightens your skin and flushes the toxins and stuff out of your body.
Did it make everything tighter?
MELISSA: How long did you keep it?
-It seems to.
They say you should do it four times.
And then you just follow up once a month, after that.
OK.
My problem area starts about here.
And it goes all the way down to about the bottom.
I don't have a problem area.
I'm a problem.
MELODY SWEET: You wade through muddy water.
Chloe, You're opposite Nia.
Don't forget that.
I did not choreograph this routine.
Rachelle did.
Now that puts me in a difficult place because I'm trying to clean up, make corrections, change some of the spacing around.
Rachelle only came in for one night and worked with these girls.
The rest is on me.
MELODY SWEET: Not content with the silver lining.
ABBY: Stop.
Mackenzie-- Watch my head.
I'm really concerned about Mackenzie in this group routine.
She draws your eyes in a negative way.
She has a duet to do with Maddie.
I'd rather her concentrate on the duet and forego the group.
I don't think she should take Mackenzie out.
I think she's doing fine.
Poor Chloe hasn't done that part one time because everybody is in.
-In her way.
CHRISTI: Mm-hmm.
ABBY: Where are you supposed to be, Chloe, opposite Nia?
Stop.
Nia, go introduce yourself to Chloe.
She forgets who you are.
She's been suspended for a while.
Go introduce yourself because she's supposed to be opposite you.
You're opposite her.
What?
The only reason I moved there is because for the circle, she had Maddie and I opposite.
And then-- ABBY: Well, I just changed it.
I have my reasons.
Let's go.
KELLY: I think Abby is changing up Sass's choreography because Abby can't handle that someone came in and completely choreographed a dance and Abby had no say-so in it.
All right.
That's it.
You're dismissed.
Let's have Maddie and Mackenzie for the duet.
And I really thought that that's how the choreography was.
You keep your chin up.
This is what she does to you every week.
And you let her psych you out.
Don't give her that control.
You'll be OK.
OK?
Don't give her the satisfaction of seeing you cry, Chloe.
All right?
- OK.
CHRISTI: OK?
Because Chloe hasn't had a solo in so long, I am a little nervous that she's rusty.
But you know, that's OK.
I just want her to get back out there.
I wanted to do a solo and we'll take it from there.
ABBY: All right, girls, this is it.
ALLISON'S INVENTION: Hey, little girl.
ABBY: This is the first time that Maddie and Mackenzie are going to dance together in a duet.
Maddie is usually the younger dancer in a duet, not the older one.
ALLISON'S INVENTION: --with all those demons lurking.
MACKENZIE: I don't like when Abby always compares me to Maddie because I'm not Maddie.
I'm Mackenzie.
Kenzie's foot seems better.
-Yeah, it is.
JILL: Is it her left or her right?
It's her right.
KELLY: Every dancer has pain, whether it's your foot, your back, like-- I think they do.
KELLY: If you want to be a dancer, you got to dance through it.
Because the other girls really look great.
KELLY: But Melissa, she knows it.
She has a spot in the dance.
Let her go out there and do it.
I mean, she has really improved.
All right, you can go.
Send Chloe.
I'm going to use her first, today.
Hey, Chloe.
How are you doing?
All right, I want to see this without a mistake.
Understood?
It's finished.
It's clean.
Let's do it.
ABBY: Chloe's routine is called "Black Heart.
It's like an edgy '80s rocker theme.
And she's going to go out there and she's going to do a rock concert.
CHLOE: I want to tell Miss Abby that I'm back and I'm ready to go.
And I'm going to try to do really good in my solo and prove to her that I, I just want to dance.
She hasn't missed a beat.
It looks really nice and clean-- MELISSA: Mm-hmm.
HOLLY: --and strong.
Watch.
This is the part she's nervous about.
MELISSA: That turn-- CHRISTI: Oh, oh, she fell.
Fell.
Abby-- I'll bet 20 bucks she'll change it.
OK.
You're, you're finished.
And remember, when you're crying to your mother, I'm trying to fix this.
Oh, Chloe's done.
One time.
One and done.
Are you surprised?
So I want to know what everybody feels like their problem spots are.
All of the above.
I start here.
And it goes all the way down.
KELLY: Yeah.
I asked her if she had a bodysuit I could have.
I'm hosting a wrap party at my house today.
Because after seeing Sass and her body looking like that and mind looking like this, I decided I better do something.
That's the wrap?
- This is the wrap and this is the wrap.
This is the facial wrap.
JILL: It looks like a Tostito chip.
CHRISTI: I don't think it's a Tostito.
All right.
Now quit dreaming of food.
DIANE: So who is first to get their wrap on today?
I want to know who's doing their ass.
You.
I'll give it a go.
I'm going to let this woman wrap my arms because I'm not really sure about the whole Hannibal Lecter thing Holly has going on.
Your boobs are popping out of that shirt.
- Yeah, they look great.
- Look at this great bra.
JILL: I'd rather show my boobs than my belly, just saying.
You know what?
These things never work.
You can tell me till you're blue in the face, you're going to lose weight, you're going to feel good.
They don't work.
I swear to god, they don't work.
OK, come on.
Let's go the kitchen.
I'll wrap your ass in the kitchen.
Aw, that's great.
KELLY: We should go do it in the bathroom.
I got the biggest ass of everybody.
I've seen it.
JILL: Feels-- CHRISTI: Oh, my god, ...
MELISSA: --like, amazing.
You're going to need double!
Get me a towel!
CHRISTI: You're gonna need double because the crack.
JILL : So glad I lost my appetite.
Well, Kelly and I always kind of walk around naked.
We're always going into each other's rooms.
And I'm used to seeing Kelly pull down her pants.
Melissa, where are you doing yours?
I'm going to do my belly.
DIANE: Let's put this right here.
It's and tingly.
- It's going to be chilly.
MELISSA: I know.
Oh, it's so cold.
And then go three times-- 1.
Melissa, your new husband will like it.
And he'll come home for dinner.
You'll be naked, wrapped in cellophane.
And little will he know, good happening underneath.
Well, he just texted me and said, "When will you be home?
I'd like to, like, see you tonight.
I'm like, I know.
I want to see you, too.
ABBY: I need to see Kendall.
Let's go-- face, stamina, energy.
Kendall's working on her stamina.
And there's nothing better than a good old roaring '20s number.
This routine is called "Easy as 1-2-3.
It's fast.
It's furious.
There's lots of kicks.
She's going to have to keep it up.
In, out, in, out, hit, hit, hit, hit.
It's adorable.
I think her dance is really quite good.
Looks like she's enjoying it, too.
JILL: Look at her face.
That emotions clinic last week worked really well.
Because you can't tell.
She looks, she looks happy.
Yeah.
That's looks way better.
And up.
Focus on what you're supposed to be doing.
Make sure you're with everybody.
5, 6, 7, 8.
MELODY SWEETS: Gold is what you're diggin'.
Gold is what you're diggin' for.
ABBY: OK.
Mackenzie, come out of there, altogether.
I don't think Mackenzie should be in the number.
I don't think that she looks good with the rest of the girls, being a foot shorter.
And she has that duet to worry about.
So I think if we pull her out of the number, Paige could be in the front, in the middle, and have the spotlight just on her.
Mackenzie, you are not in the group dance.
Frankly, I don't think you can keep up.
Oh, my god.
They can not pull Mackenzie from this dance ...the night before we leave.
JILL: Look, look.
Look at her little sad face HOLLY: I know.
That's ridiculous.
If Abby didn't think she could do two numbers, then she shouldn't have put her in two numbers from the beginning of the week.
All right.
All right.
We're finished.
That's it.
You're going.
I don't see too much gold digging out there.
I don't see anybody flirting with the audience.
You're walking forward, "I'm going to get you and take your money.
I don't see that.
I don't see that attack from either one of you.
Like, imagine your mom walking into a restaurant.
She'd smell that money.
Who's the guy?
Who's buying me a drink?
Sass isn't even going to recognize her dance.
I think this changes the whole thing.
It changes the entire dance.
And she's been dancing with us for 52 weeks.
Now all of the sudden, she's not good enough to dance with us?
First of all, she can't do a triple turn.
OK.
Well, then why is she part of our team?
I think she's a good addition to our team.
While my daughter's sitting in the other room, doing nothing.
And she can do the dance.
And she could do a triple turn.
MELISSA: Yes, she can.
- But unfortunately, she's not a favorite.
So she's not in there.
And she gets to stay home this weekend.
ABBY: Guys, get your stuff.
Let's go.
Let's go.
We're here in Grand Rapids, Michigan, attending Dance Expressions Competition.
And it looks like there's a lot of numbers here.
All right, girls.
Now remember, you are here at Dance Expressions.
Some of the studios you're going to know.
Some of them, you're not going to know.
You need to walk out there onto that stage like you own it.
Understood?
CHRISTI: We have a lot going on today.
First of all, the group dance has been rechoreographed, like, 472,000 times.
And Chloe has her first solo in forever.
There's a lot at stake today.
Kendall, where are you?
We're building up your stamina this week.
Come on.
Jog on over here to me, honey.
Jog, jog, jog on over here to me.
I want you to sit the wall.
There you go.
Sit there.
That's humiliating.
It's very upsetting to me to watch Kendall sitting the wall.
Why does Abby have to be so hard on Kendall?
Do you want her to perform well?
She looks like she's totally exhausted, anyway, when-- even when she's rested.
Don't go there.
The kid has never forgotten anything you've taught her.
Never say never.
I don't know what the future is for Kendall.
She's going to have to prove it to me this week.
Is she going to finish the dance strong and big, with the same energy that she started?
Or, is she just another pretty face?
ALLISON'S INVENTION: Hey, little girl, where do you think you're going?
You've been trying to prove yourself-- ABBY: Mackenzie, your face has to be like, when you're looking at the demons.
Who are you now with all those demons lurking?
Faster, faster, faster, faster.
You can not slow a pee-wee down.
It looks ridiculous.
Mackenzie better keep up with Maddie during this duet routine.
She needs to rise to the occasion.
If she screws Maddie up, she won't be dancing much longer.
CHRISTI: What I really want for Chloe is I just want her to go out there and I want her to own the solo.
I want her to do the choreography exactly as it was given to her, but with style.
Yeah.
Like, that's the energy that I want to see.
Like, that's the happy girl, not like, ..
You know, it's not about that.
It's all about being this rocker chick.
And I want her to go out there and prove that she is a force to be reckoned with, that she's not someone that you can just overlook.
I love the-- like, the-- All right, girls, let's go.
KENDALL: I'm competing against Chloe.
And I've beaten her before.
So I want to try my best and try to beat her again.
COMPETITION EMCEE: All right.
Moving in to the junior solo division, this is entry number 25, Kendall, with "Easy as 1-2-3.
MIA SABLE: He's got money.
He's in magazines.
He's got more honeys than any honeybee.
Ooh, ooh, the flashing lights lit him up.
Now he's a rocket baby.
Ooh, ooh, the flashing lights lit him.
Now he's a rocket baby.
Ooh, ooh, the fame machine, got a piece now he's a factory.
Whoa, they got the place spinning around his little pinky.
You gotta hand it to the man.
He's making it look so easy.
Ba-ba-doo, ba-ba-de-ee-ee, it's easy as the birds and the bees and 1-2-3s.
You got 15 minutes.
Better spin that 45, 45.
Way to go, girls!
Kendall absolutely showed Abby she has what it takes to start strong, stay strong, and finish strong.
She did a great job.
Good luck.
That's our first win.
We have to win, OK?
I love you.
MACKENZIE: And I love you.
Ken, seriously, hold my hand.
is singing.
COMPETITION EMCEE: All right.
Moving into the junior duo/trio division, we have Maddie and Mackenzie with "Run From Mother.
ALLISON'S INVENTION: Hey, little girl.
Where do you think you're going?
You've been trying to prove yourself a long, long time.
Who are you now with all those demons lurking?
Getting this far has been a long, long climb.
She ran to the corner to prove that she wasn't afraid.
She crossed the street without looking over the bridge that led to downtown.
She took a breath of the city air and she had herself a look around.
Brave, brave, brave.
COMPETITION EMCEE: That was entry number 41, Maddie and Mackenzie with "Run From Mother.
MELISSA: I know if this was Maddie solo, I think this would be a first place win.
I hope the judges see that Maddie and Mackenzie dance on two different levels.
However, they dance really well together.
COMPETITION EMCEE: All right.
And next in the junior solo division, this is Chloe with "Black Heart.
WHITE WIDOW: Can you see right through my black heart?
Light a candle in the dark.
Can you take it for what it's got?
I don't think you want to leave me, leave me.
No.
You've got not reason to believe me.
Leave me.
No.
I'm not alone.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
COMPETITION EMCEE: That was entry number 26, Chloe, with "Black Heart.
ABBY: Chloe, that was inappropriate.
It was rude.
I wouldn't be surprised if her mother told her to do that.
I have had it with that kid.
KELLY: You were very good, Chloe.
You were very good, Kendall.
Maddie and Kenzie, you guys were fabulous.
- Hey.
MELISSA: Hi!
Come here.
Hello.
How are you?
- Hello.
Give me a hug.
- We gotta chat a little bit.
What?
Oh, god.
Well, shall I sit with you, or what?
- Yes.
- All right.
KELLY: I wonder how this is going to play out.
I mean, Abby's going to have to tell Rachelle that she completely changed her choreography and pulled Mackenzie out of the dance.
I hope that Rachelle gets pissed off and tells her off.
So what I did was I took Mackenzie out to look better with the five.
- Oh.
ABBY: OK?
So I had to kind of change your beginning a little bit.
- OK?
RACHELLE: Yeah.
And they were just kind of all over the place.
- They were never getting to center.
- All right.
I'm going to get to see it, right, and give some notes?
Is that OK?
- ABBY: That's why we're here.
- OK.
Good.
All right.
Let's see my way first.
Being in a Broadway show and then choreographing a routine for kids to do at a dance competition week after week, after week-- those are two completely different things.
This is the Abby Lee Dance Company.
My name is at stake.
And I want those kids to go out there and win.
6.
7, and strong-- 1-- MELODY SWEETS: You wade through muddy waters.
1, 2-- I think she looks great.
Why wouldn't she do it?
It feels like there's impasse going on right there.
You have these really strong personalities and two dance divas.
And they both have their points of view.
And it's clear that there's some tension mounting.
RACHELLE: Pose.
OK.
A few things-- I think she can dance.
And I think she looks great.
ABBY: I think she can dance.
It's just it's five or seven-- is a lot easier to focus a lead than six.
Which is good.
But for me, I like to mix it up.
Can we try it?
How about we give it a shot?
- And then you decide.
- It's your number.
You do what you want.
I'm not saying that Mackenzie is incapable of doing the dance.
I just feel that she looks bad.
She seems like she's having a great time.
ABBY: But Rachelle, it's not about that.
She draws your eyes because she's a foot and half shorter than everybody else.
We knew this in the rehearsal, that she was this small.
We knew the sizes.
This isn't new information.
I'm going to have-- can I have them both do a-- Yes, I can, actually.
I don't have to ask.
Round off, back tuck, directly down, yes?
Rachelle is an amazing performer.
She puts it all out on the stage every time she steps out there.
But that and turning around the competition routine in two days-- two different things.
I know we threw a lot of things that you, a lot of changes.
You changed from one way to another.
Now you're a team.
You're going to work together, all six of you.
You're going to do this.
So I have to go now.
I have to do a matinee.
So I'm going to head to the theater.
I hope that you take, take some of my good energy with you.
CHLOE: Thank you.
ABBY: Bye!
Bye, Abby.
I'll see you soon.
MADDIE: Break a leg!
- All right.
Thank you KELLY: That was fun, watching Rachelle take authority with Abby.
Now I just hope that the girls go up on stage and win with Rachelle's choreography.
CHRISTI: Abby, what kind of lips do you want them to have?
Didn't Rachelle say?
No, no.
She should have gone over all that.
What's the deal with these bootie shorts?
HOLLY: They all have different booty shorts.
They all look bad.
So Rachelle thinks she's got a waltz on in here and put together a few eight accounts and then hit the tour again?
No.
She needs to do the costume, the makeup, the hairstyle, the look, the tights, the shoes.
She needs to do it all and she didn't.
She dropped the bomb on me.
Abby, I, I get the sense you didn't like the choreography.
Love it.
If you don't love it, this is your name, your reputation.
This is your team.
These are your girls.
This is your name on their back.
So you have to give them some sort of-- Girls, are we ready?
I'm really nervous.
I am really nervous about this routine.
I didn't have the control.
And we all know I'm a control freak.
So we can only do the best we can do.
COMPETITION EMCEE: All right.
Moving back to the junior small group division, this is entry number 76 entitled "Golddigga.
ABBY: Looks like Mackenzie's already off.
MELODY SWEETS: You wade through muddy waters.
You take a chance or two.
You keep looking over your shoulder for a better view.
That grass seems a little greener.
In time, become a little leaner.
Gives you, then, the only color for singing out the blues, singing out the blues.
Not content with the silver lining, gold is what you're diggin' for.
Gold is what you're diggin' for.
Gold is what you're diggin', gold is what you're diggin', gold is what you're diggin' for.
COMPETITION EMCEE: That was entry number 76 with "Golddigga.
I will stand by my decision.
Mackenzie should not have been in that routine.
I hope the judges weren't watching her.
COMPETITION EMCEE: All right.
Moving in to our junior division where we will be given out the top five awards for our soloists.
Third place-- entry number 25, "Easy as 1-2-3.
JILL: Yay, Kendall.
COMPETITION EMCEE: Second place-- entry number 17, "Diva.
And in first place, entry number 26, "Black Heart.
Moving into our junior duo/trio-- second place, entry number 40b, "Grace.
And in first place with a score of 294.5 points, entry number 41, "Run From Mother.
Did you see their score?
Abby Lee Dance Company.
COMPETITION EMCEE: Great job.
Take a bow on three, girls.
1, 2, 3, great job.
ABBY: Some of the awards were presented.
And I just want two first place overall trophies.
I hope Rachelle lives up to her name.
Moving in to our junior small group-- third place, entry number 69, "Something's Got a Hold On Me.
Second place-- entry number 70, "Love On Top.
We won.
COMPETITION EMCEE: And in first place, entry number 76, "Golddigga.
ABBY: Rachelle's number came in first and I'm ecstatic.
I'm thrilled for her.
But come on.
Let's face it.
When a guest choreographer comes into town, they're only with your kids for three, four, or five hours, tops.
It's the training that they had, the training that I gave them since birth.
JILL: Another clean sweep-- - Congratulations, everyone.
CHRISTI: You, too.
HOLLY: Nice job, girls, all the way around.
JILL: Aw, congratulations.
HOLLY: Everyone, wonderful job.
I feel so good.
I know.
I know.
I'm so proud of you.
I think Chloe winning first place is exactly what she needed.
I think Chloe forgets all the time how fabulous she really is.
I think Chlo's been working really hard for that.
- Yeah.
She-- you did good.
- I think she was hungry for it.
JILL: Secretly working hard.
- How great for Sass.
For Sass-- she-- She pulled it out.
Yeah, she pulled it out.
She would have been very proud, I think.
MELISSA: You happy?
ABBY: No, I'm appalled.
Kendall, backstage is not an area to be rehearsing and risk kicking somebody or-- COMPETITION EMCEE: Solo division-- this is entry number-- Maddie and Mackenzie, when they were doing their number backstage-- Could you see them from where you were sitting?
- Absolutely.
- OK.
- She was coming out.
- No, no.
They were-- my point is I could see everybody backstage.
ABBY: Her point always is, is that it wasn't my kid.
- It was everybody's kid, too.
JILL: Well, and the point is-- ABBY: So yell at them.
- The point is...
...you know only selectively pick on my kid.
ABBY: No.
Every single one of them were back there practicing their number.
I saw Chloe, too.
Look, if I can see you, you can see me.
So if they're in the wings and they can see any of the judges or any of the audience, that means the judges and the audience can see them.
JILL: Right.
- So you move way over here!
JILL: OK.
But I'm telling you-- - You go out the door.
JILL: --not one of those kids did that.
ABBY: Look, you go over here and out the door and then you do it.
- Yes?
JILL: Yes.
- It's a very simple-- - Abby, you're missing my point.
ABBY: --stage etiquette.
Yell at the kids.
- Because all the kids did it-- - I will!
JILL: --not just Kendall.
Chloe, what was that exit about?
What?
ABBY: On Chloe's exit, when she gave everybody the fingers.
I think that she was, like, being in character, like rock and roll.
I don't think-- That was not the exit that she rehearsed.
ABBY: That is not what she was given.
CHRISTI: You always talk about giving the choreography something more.
- I don't think that that-- - Something more-- A shoulder, an attitude, a look.
That certainly wasn't what her intentions were.
Well, I don't know how many rock concerts your kid's been to in the '80s.
But-- CHRISTI: Never.
- She shouldn't know that.
She doesn't know that.
So that's why that's-- She did it.
She learned that somewhere, mommy.
I love the, like-- - OK.
- Like, the-- OK.
CHRISTI: Abby's just pissed that Rachelle's choreography won.
She wanted to walk in here and be, I told you so, you know, that she was right.
And since she couldn't do that, she had to find something to come in here and tear apart, like my daughter's first place winning solo.
Because that makes a lot of sense.
ABBY: Can we all learn from her mistake?
Do not change the choreography.
If I give you something to do on an exit, if you're supposed to look back, if you're supposed to blow a kiss, if you flick your leg, it's given to you.
It is given to you in rehearsal.
Well, girls, you got to work with a dancer that's been on Broadway.
Hey, maybe someday, you're going to be the dancer on Broadway that comes to get to work with a group of kids.
It's not an easy job.
It's not easy to get there.
I'm thrilled that we won.
But I want more from these girls than just trophies.
I want them to have careers, and long careers.
Look at Rachelle.
If she can do it, you can do it.
When my kids graduate from the Abby Lee Dance Company, they're ready to take on the professional world and earn a living as a dancer.
So ladies, there's a lesson to be learned in each week.
And also, you're a little bit closer to Mr.
Bob Fosse.
As Mr.
Fosse said, "It's all in the timing.
We have a new member of the Team.
Asia will be joining the Abby Lee Dance Company.
If you have any issues with any of the moms, you come to me.
CATHY: We're number two.
We try harder.
And I'm about tired of having that as my motto.
I'm still trying to figure out what I'm going to do with Baby.
MELISSA: Abby's going to take her to a preservationist.
KELLY: She is not going to stuff her dog.
ABBY: Energy, hitting it hard, that's what I want to see from you.
Because why?
Everyone's replaceable.
You got it.
