ABBY : Previously on "Dance Moms." Your replacements will be at the competition. Could you quit running up to the mirror, so close? Think! Mackenzie forgets her dance on stage. She goes completely blank. Listen to what I'm saying. - I'm hearing you. And I know. - ABBY: Nothing should get in their way. Same think about worrying about a guy, instead of your own kids. MELISSA: We have a happy household. Well, your kid doesn't look very happy to me. You are more worried about your friendships with all of these women than your own kids and you know it, because you're an idiot! Yeah, go. ABBY Coming up on "Dance Moms" Jill, she did a costume behind Abby's back. I don't like people going behind my back. You know that's my problem with Melissa. You're using hats. A hat is very specific to the style of the routine. Put the hat on their head and make sure it's right. Kendall, I don't think you'll be doing your solo. It's all their fault! Get your kid and leave. You're idiots if you stay. I knew something was up when we hadn't seen Cathy in weeks. I don't want to be fourth in front of Cathy. The boys are just amazing. Come on, Chlo. We're done. Get up. Get on the floor. My world is with my girls, living on the dance floor. MELISSA: I don't think I've ever been so nervous to walk into pyramid as I am right now. It's bad enough that we got fourth place at competition last week but Abby and I got in a big fight. And I know she's mad at me. I just want to look at what fourth place looks like. I really can't remember when the Abby Lee Dance Company competition team came in fourth. That had to be 20, 25 years ago. It was devastating to me. This weekend we will be traveling to Voorhees, New Jersey. We will be attending On Stage America. I don't want to be fourth, again. On the bottom, Mackenzie. You will not be performing in the group routine this weekend. Next, Maddie. MELISSA: Maddie and Mackenzie we're both at the bottom. It was, you know, a little different. It is what it is. I mean, I don't know what I'm supposed to do. ABBY: At Nationals you were amazing, just as good as Chloe. But Chloe won. And ever since then... KELLY: I think Melissa and Maddie need to get used to taking a turn at the bottom. Because we've all been there. Paige, once again, it's the same pattern, Kelly. It's like she doesn't have to work anymore. Like, I went, I won. Third was good enough for me. Nia, you're doing fine. But is fine going to make you a star? Kendall, you didn't pull my eyes in a negative way. You actually pulled them in a positive way. When I don't say your name and I stop yelling at you, get worried. JILL: I'm ecstatic because Kendall's never been off the bottom row of the pyramid. We're moving up. This is what we're working towards. This is good. And, Chloe, I thought you looked great. It was good. Was that exactly what you're supposed to do? No. Go out there and do the routine that you were taught the way I envision it. Better yet, Chloe, do it better than I can imagine it. That's a dancer. And, on top of the pyramid... I think the kids think it's going to be Brooke. Ha! Not a chance. is nobody. Nobody in a group that got fourth deserves that spot. Brooke, I don't have you on the team. KELLY: She's been here every week. What is the purpose of her coming every week if you're not going to put her on the pyramid? Brooke, do you want to be here? See, that to me is not a response that I'm looking for. KELLY: I've been playing by the rules with Abby. I haven't been name calling. I haven't been fighting with her and Abby still won't put her on the pyramid. It's like she's playing a game with me. I really don't care because I think your pyramid is a crock of anyways. This weekend we are doing a group routine called "Pink Lemonade." Brooke, I plan for you to be in the group routine. Kendall, you have a solo. Your solo is entitled "Owe You Nothing." Remember that. I owe you nothing. You are very lucky. Embrace this opportunity and make the most of it. Nia, you also have a solo. Your solo is entitled "100 Years From Now." Is it going to take you 100 more years to straighten those legs and point those feet or are you going to do it now? And I have one more solo. Chloe, do you think you can do the dance that I teach you? Have you talked to your mom about stopping the advocacy for all the other mothers? CHRISTI: It's obvious that Abby is still holding a grudge over our walk out a few weeks ago. Well, we're here now, and Chloe's ready to work. And Abby just needs to move on. Chloe, this is a contemporary routine, as well. There's lots of hits, accents, it's stronger than you've been doing before. And it is called "Left in the Dark." The group routine is entitled "Pink Lemonade." You're using hats, and the hats are a prop. Drop your hat and you're off the team. KELLY: God! Let's be a little harsh. They think I'm joking? Let somebody drop the hat and see what happens. Moms, you're dismissed. You're going to be rhinestoning. Ladies, spread apart. Start to warm up. Grand plié in second. The world... The world was mine to give. I must say, I'm surprised that Abby's up. Abby must really care about this routine. She is actually up and out of her chair. Straddle leap, cut under, two jumps. Yes. HOLLY: Melissa, did Abby apologize to you? No. Has she ever apologized to you? JILL: Maddie and Mackenzie are both at the bottom of the pyramid. And I know Melissa is about to explode. Clearly Abby, at this point, wants nothing to do with Melissa. It surprised me that she said all that stuff to you and you did not say anything back to her. You are more worried about your friendships with all these women than your own kids, and you know it. Same thing about worrying about a guy instead of your own kids! Yes! Going from one husband to another instead of just worrying about your kids... please. It is what it is. If somebody said that stuff about me I don't know how I couldn't say something. That's-- that's-- it works for you, I guess. You know? CHRISTI: It's so funny to me to see Melissa sit there and be like, "Oh, I don't care if Maddie doesn't have a solo." She's like, "No, I don't even care." Melissa's wearing glasses this week because her contacts can't stand through all those tears. You sat there and did not say a word and Maddie still didn't get a solo this week. MELISSA: I'm not saying anything to her about it. That's not anybody else's concern. CATHY: You are here because I had a team last year. I was a little lenient with that team and it bit me in the apples. I haven't seen Abby since last year's Nationals in LA. Since that time, I've used all my resources to get just that perfect team. And I think I finally have it. It's all boys. That's genius. There's a dance teacher by the name of Abby Lee Miller. I need to win. I need to beat her. That's why you guys are here. First we have Bryant. I know you're going to have to really focus on your technique, but I think you have a burning desire to get ahead. - Yes? - Yeah. Jalen. If there's a B-boy to be had, he's the one. If you want to slide on your head right past Abby Miller, you do that. Gino, you've got excellent technique. I know that you're going to bring it to the board. And at the top of the pyramid... Zack, highly trained, excellent technique. And I a certain teacher by the name of Abby Miller who invited you to come dance with her team. So here we have it. Yes? My thoughts behind the pyramid... it promotes individual as opposed to a group effort. You're right. And team, individual, leader. - Enough said. - MAN: We'll see. OK, guys, let's go. Girls are a dime a dozen at competitions. Boys make the judges sit up and take notice especially when the boys are as technically fabulous as the boys that I've found. ABBY: The name of the song is "Pink Lemonade", but it's about life. You get lemons, you make lemonade. OK, let's try that with the music. CHRISTI: Maddie looks like she's ready to lose her mind. I don't know how much more of this Melissa is going to be able to take. Because Maddie doesn't have a solo, Mackenzie's not even in the group dance. She's over in the corner like a little rat, like, "Oh, go in the corner, Kenz. Blah, blah, blah, blah." Drag, ball change, hop, chainé, hold your head on. Arms, arms, arms. HOLLY: What are you going to do about Abby? You're not going to do anything, really? I don't know what to do. I mean, I-- you know, it's a shame that my whole kid's life is about Miss Abby. And I don't want to hurt Abby's feelings. I'm not one to confront people. I'll always appreciate everything that Abby has done for my children. She has made my children into the dancers that they've become. I'm going to be honest with you. I regret things and I you know, I... - I do. - Like being in the car? Do you regret that? I do. Abby could turn on anyone at any given time. I'm sorry, but I do. - JEN: Hi. Great. Sure. - Hi, Jen. Come on in. This is going to be a big week for Kendall. She's getting a solo, so I want her to look amazing. Kendall, this is Jen. - Hi. Hi. Nice to met you. - Nice to meet you, Kendall. - We want something over the top. - Boom. JILL: I know that Abby says a costume doesn't make a number, but it helps. And if I'm willing to pay the money and spend the time and hire a designer, Abby won't be able to overlook her. - Bye. - Bye. Thanks. What do you think? Good. It's going to be exciting! I'm so excited! ABBY: Come on, girls! Let's go, let's go, let's go! Girls, listen up. "Pink Lemonade" better not be fourth or third or second. When you drag your foot from straddle around, you're sickling your right foot. This week we're doing a musical theater number to "Pink Lemonade." Chloe, you're flexing your palms on the arch back. The hands are clean. Now the girls use hats. And there's a little surprise with the hats as the routine goes on. They pull the hats off, the hair comes tumbling all down and then they continue to dance with the hat in their hand. Get That hat! Get it! Get it! Get it! Nobody was good. I mean, if that kid drops their hat on stage, it ruins the whole number. This is turning, leaping, jumping. Not one person can be off. Because when that hat's off, you're going to see it. Dancing with the hat is pretty hard. I just hope that I don't screw up at the competition. Yay! There we go. Good girl. Good girl. Let's find you a cup. JILL: Wow. You're all clean. Look. She's like, I don't know. She's going to know you because you're my dog sitter today. Jill is kind of, you know, stepping into Melissa's old spot. And she wants to be helpful. Get the pooper scooper. Let's be helpful. - You going to walk her for me? - Outside? - Yes. - JILL: No, I don't... Kendall doesn't come first. My dog comes first. So you want to go tinkles? JILL: I'm honored that Abby trusts her dog with me. I just really hope she doesn't go to doggie heaven on my watch. Ooh, look, we have progress. That's a good girl. Go potty. Come on. CHRISTI: I think Jill ye saw an opening on Abby's pyramid of moms and she's like, oh, Melissa's fallen from grace. I will walk the dog so I can be at the top of the mom pyramid. Come on. Come see your mama. MELISSA: She'll bark when she sees her. I bark when I see Abby, too. - MELISSA: See? - I told you. JILL: I know! You saw her. I guess Broadway Baby can sense evil, too. We're going to start right here. Remember, this is "Owe You Nothing." You're like, I don't owe you. You're more, like, dangerous. Boom. Kendall is doing a jazz acrobatic routine. It's entitled "Owe You Nothing." Take the arms down the body. Push like there's a wall on either side of you. And, you know what? No more second chances, Kendall. Has anybody ever heard of this girl, Jen Rocket? I had her come over because I don't have costumes that haven't been worn with Abby that aren't another studio's. So I... Did Abby design it or did she leave it up to you to design it? No, Abby didn't design it. - You're going to get in trouble. - JILL: She had told me what she wanted. Because I don't want you to get yelled at for doing something behind her back. - ABBY: Moms! - MELISSA: Yes? Come on down to the costume shop. I want to go over these rhinestones. - JILL: Woo-hoo! - Let's go. Let's get it done so we can get home early and pack. Yeah, OK. That's never going to happen. ABBY: The costumes were custom made. They're ready for the girls. All they need is rhinestones. The fedora is to be worn like that. So it sits, it's all in my head and I'm pointing it to the right and down. I have a costume in my dancewear store for Nia. Obviously, Chloe is going to wear a ragdoll costume. All right, now Kendall, for that solo I would have loved her to be in green. Well, let me tell you, and regarding the costume I have gray bottoms and a gray top. And it's going to have, like, a lace overlay over it. You know what, Abby? I think you're going to like what we came up. Jill, you just have to understand, I don't like people going behind my back. I wouldn't go behind your back, Abby. But you know that's my problem with Melissa. JILL: I see and feel the tension between Abby and Melissa. And I know that Abby is used to Melissa doing all these extra things for her. But Abby is not asking her to do it. CHRISTI: I guess Jill is taking the approach that gifts didn't really get her too far so now she's into doing favors for Abby. MELISSA: That's something I would do. Is there anything else in here you need me to do for you? - Nope. - You don't need any help in here? No. We're all good. All right. - CHRISTI: Did you start your solo? - No? Whatever. I don't, either. Nia, I told you before, the name of your routine is "100 Years From Now." You don't have 100 years from now to fix your feet and your legs I'm giving Nia a solo. You might think I'm off my rocker. This kid keeps telling me she's working on her legs and working on her feet and working on her turnout. I want to see her do a lyrical solo. This is a lyrical routine in the 11-12 age group. Step it up! - You all right? - No. I'm not. - What's wrong? - My daughter hasn't started her solo. Nobody seems to care. Christi, maybe this is Abby's test when she talks about advocating for your child. Holly can't possibly understand how I'm feeling. Nia's solo is finished, and Chloe hasn't even started hers. Why does Nia need all that more time than Chloe? Maybe you just need to go down there and just talk to Ab. OK, no. I don't know if you've met Abby. She doesn't have conversations. She argues. I wasn't trying to suggest that you should fight with her. - OK, thanks. - OK. You know have to get snippy with me, miss. I feel like Christi's overreacting more and more these days. She's constantly throwing tantrums and I'm not in the mood to fuss over her. Yes, Hello? Yes. This is Abby Lee from the Abby Lee Dance Company in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. We're attending your event in Voorhees, New Jersey. I had to call the competition to verify that our routines were entered in the correct categories. And I asked if anybody was coming from another state. I talked to On Stage America. She wouldn't give me names but there was one student from Pennsylvania, which is us and one studio from Ohio. That's not just any studio from Ohio. That's got to be Cathy. She's going to come back with a vengeance. I didn't like being fourth last week. I don't want to be fourth in front of Cathy. The girls have to have straight legs. Their arms need to be placed correctly. They have to nail those turns. If they don't win I get to say, "I told you so." And, a one, two, one, two, three. And a one, two, and one, two, three. I like this. This is cool. - But I like this. - Boom. That, right there. As I'm watching Chloe dance, she's really done on this creepy doll thing well. And, more importantly, she's remembering every bit of her choreography with so little time to practice. Feel that? Slow down. Do it again. - And... - MELISSA: This is pretty. - Excuse me. Chloe's costume is beautiful. MELISSA: Yes, it is. - JILL: Beautiful. You did great job. - CHRISTI: I'm not done. MELISSA: Jill, what are you doing? Are you not using the costume that lady made? Yeah. She wants green in it, so I'm going to try to get some green pieces to put in it. - Did you show her the picture of it? - No. KELLY: Abby asked everyone to have their costumes done for today. Like, I can't believe Jill doesn't have hers. Jill, I'm confused. You don't have a costume for Kendall, but I thought you had one made. I don't have it. That was yesterday. - Oh, well, what are you working on now? - Oh. This is pieces for the costume. - CHRISTI: Okay. - JILL: I don't have it in my possession. And then you're just going to add those pieces... - And then I was going to add this. - Oh, OK. I was just a little confused. Jill's been here long enough that you would think she would be smart enough to know you just don't do stuff like that. music playing] They're so holding back because of their hats. I was thinking the same thing. They can't go all-out because they've got to hold their heads a certain way so the hats don't fall off. CHRISTI: Mm-hmm. Chloe was saying that before, last night. So they're dancing kind of stiff, I think. Slow down, there. Brooke, you're never straightening out your first leg in that jump, at all. Make sure your hat's on your head. We all learned, at the very first competition that we ever went to with this particular team that the headpiece stays on your head. Who did we learn it from? Chloe. I'm totally serious. I mean, if that kid drops their hat onstage it ruins the whole number. All the judges are going to look at somebody's hat. All right, ladies! MELISSA: Scared me. I've had it with the hat situation. I don't have 48 more hours to tell each kid 100 more times how to wear their hat. A hat is very specific to the style of the routine. Put the hat on their head and make sure it's right. JILL: That's not the way to approach a situation. I think the kids get the point. But, come on, situations happen. A hat may drop on the floor. Big deal. One, two, three. Bop! Get it down. Kendall is doing a jazz acrobatic routine. Now this is a defining moment in Kendall's life. Right foot, rolling over. She's either going to go out there and wow the judges and impress me or she's going to go out there and blow it. JILL: Even though Abby's been really, really hard on Kendall and it has not been an easy road, I'm really proud of her. She's working towards something and she's seeing results. This is this is really good. ABBY: Kendall, you're marking things. Why are you marking things? I didn't give Maddie a solo. If I did, she wouldn't be marking it. She would do it full out every time. I think sometimes Abby forgets that Kendall is only nine years old. I am so happy that Kendall has a solo this week. ABBY: Your face is ridiculous on the turns. But I hate that Abby is so hard on her. Boys, parents, I would like to introduce you to your choreographer for this week. And this is Nick Anthony. He's come all the way from LA to work with you guys. Nick is very good with hip hop. It's going to go one, two. It's going to go punch, punch. One, two, three and four, step. He's utilizing the contemporary boys and the hip hop boys, and gelling it all together. And that's what I was looking for. Let's go one more time from the top. CATHY: The dance that we're doing at the competition is very masculine. And it's called "Own It." And I thought that that was very appropriate because I would very much like to be able to say that we owned it. Punch, punch, pull, cross, slice. And four, five and six. Okay. We're still struggling with that. NICK: Not bad. We're under the gun. This competition hit us really fast. These boys coming in from all over the nation... they're going to have to pull it together. They don't have options. Five, six, seven and one, two, three and four. Step it back. Step it back. One, two, three and four, five and six. - That's better. - Much better. I can't wait to see Abby's face when Jalen comes across the floor on his head. Kendall, you're not turning in relevé. Don't get so close to her! Look at the gap behind you! Sloppy feet, Kendall! Your right ankle wasn't pressed into the ground! This rehearsal is not going well, especially for Kendall. To be honest, I don't think this kid can handle everything on her plate. Your left foot's sickled on the jazz backbend! Not to mention, she didn't bring the costume for her solo. I guess this is it. I'm going to dismiss you. Kendall, I don't think you'll be doing your solo. Your mother was to have that costume here today. She knows everything, fine. - I don't think you're doing a solo. - Then I'm going home. I have other children and other responsibilities. So I haven't had time to get Kendall's costume, yet. Abby better not take it out on Kendall. It's not her fault. I can have a costume! They told me they have it! You're idiots if you stay and let this woman destroy your children. You know that. This is destruction. KELLY: I said the same thing last season. Well, why don't we all walk out until she apologizes to these children for treating them like animals? I'm not doing it, guys. I'm not doing it. Let's go. It's not my fault. But even more so, it's not her fault. ABBY: No. But why didn't you just take what I was offering you? You're a grown adult woman. - That's right. - Just go get it. And this is-- no. I am a grown adult woman and-- and we are done with this. Come on. Jill was to bring a costume and she didn't. What did you expect Abby to do? I'm so sorry, honey. I know. It'll never, ever work. It'll never work. Okay? It's okay. I'm trying so hard. Girls, I'll be on the bus. I just find it humorous that the moms sat in the parking lot for two days because Brooke and Paige weren't here. But now that Kendall's not here, it's "Screw you, honey." Every man for themselves. Look at Brooke and Paige. They didn't shed a tear. I need to know what you want to do. - You OK, Kendall? - It's not good. I mean... I can't believe not one mom was on my side, especially Kelly. I mean, I quit the team for her. Well, I can tell you right now Melissa will never stick up to Abby again. We all quit just a few weeks ago, and where did it get us? Abby had us replaced in days. And then we came back and Abby was still horrible. I think Jill's crazy if she wants to go through this, again. I'm going to go on the bus and talk to Abby. - Yes? - JILL: I want Kendall to dance. You know I fought to get her on this team. What did I say? When I forget your name... - I know. I know. And I... - ABBY: that's when you start to worry. Maybe tell Kendall, honey, every time she corrects you, that's like mommy spent $100. So by the end of the day, you've got $10,000, Maddie got $2,000, Paige got zip. Spin it. You're the parent. I know that Kendall wants to dance. And Jill needs to realize that I'm never going to coddle my dancers. So, Jill, get over it. If Kendall wants to dance, she wants to go with us this weekend get a costume and get on the bus. Okay. ABBY: Game faces. There are tons of fans waiting at the door to meet us and I don't even have time for them. Because I have one thing on my mind, and that's Cathy. I've warned you over and over. Come on. Listen, Paige, pay attention. MELISSA: I don't know why Cathy gets under Abby's skin so bad. Because Abby knows that we're better than her so she just needs to just not let it bother her. Oh, all right. CATHY: Smells not like something's burning. Woo! It's us, because we are hot! I'm so excited to see Abby and to see her face drop to her toes when she sees me walking in with my entourage of boys. Okay. Start to unpack. Get the shoes on that you're going to dance in. Hello! I made it a point to go right to Cathy's dressing room. And lo and behold, all boys. - Really? - Yes, really. - Really? - Really. Man, oh, man. Cathy is a snake. She secretly created this all boys team. She knows that's the only way she could even come close to beating me. All right, guys. Well, I have some gifts for you, some Abby Lee Dance Company t-shirts. Because, you know, we are the National Champions. You know what you're going to do with those shirts. Right? - You can dust with them. - What? Cathy, now come on. Don't be rude like that. - You that's it's unbecoming. - Oh, my goodness. The saddest part is, Cathy's a great teacher. She has great girls. She just doesn't know how to teach guys. Abby, do you have a boy dancing today? - I don't. - Oh. - But, I'll... - Well, I think that speaks volumes. But I have lots of boys working professionally. I knew something was up when we hadn't seen Cathy in weeks. And now I know what her game is. She has an all boys team. That's her MO because you guys all know that a judge they go for the boys all the time because they want to keep them dancing. You girls are a dime a dozen. Abby is so obsessed now with Cathy and her boys that she's going to be even harder on our girls. I want that faster. Get three in there. Make that mean something, Chloe. That's the last time they see your face. You got to stretch that front knee. It's bent. Where are you spotting that turn? Don't lose steam. Start over. It's really important that every single person on my team goes out there and nails it. We need every point we can get to beat Cathy. Let's go. Guys, whatever we get, be happy. - Okay. - And don't be mad at anybody. I won't. OK. ANNOUNCER: Next, in our Junior Miss competition please welcome to the stage number 121. This is Nia, dancing to "100 Years From Now." I would give you the world. My hands are empty. All I have is words. I wasn't doing so bad. Now I'm the same as now. ABBY: Was Nia's solo amazing? No. I just hope it scores high enough to help us beat Cathy. ANNOUNCER: Up next, in our Junior Miss On Stage American competition please welcome number 127, Kendall, dancing to "Owe You Nothing." Oh, there you go, walking through that door. And you act like you've done nothing. But your hands show you got nothing for me. Time to take your lies and leave. ABBY: I'm very impressed with Kendall. I can't believe it. She strutted her stuff right on out there. She captured the judges. She had them in the palm of her hand. You know, their eyes never left Kendall. I think it was a good performance, and I think it's good enough to beat the other girls. ANNOUNCER: Up next to our stage, please welcome number 115. This is Chloe dancing to "Left in the Dark." At night I fight my biggest battles when the lights go down. I could cut worse than a razor blade. At night I'll take this whole town down and when I'm left in the dark, dark, dark, dark, dark dark dark, dark, dark, dark. I tear myself apart, part, part, part, part, part part, part. Chloe danced well. I'm just hoping it's good enough for a win because Abby only cares about winning. I don't know how the judges are going to score this routine, though. Now it is time for special awards. My third runner up goes to number 142, "Flying Solo," Brianna. My second runner up goes to number 127, "Owe You Nothing," Kendall. JILL: I'm happy with third place. Kendall listed the 9-12 year old age category, and she's beating children much older than her. ANNOUNCER: The first runner up for Junior Miss On Stage America goes to number 149, "I'm Going Love You Through It." CHRISTI: None of our girls are in second place. There's only one award left. And if it's not Chloe or Nia, Abby is going to freak out. ANNOUNCER: And the winner for Junior Miss on Stage America goes to-- drumroll, please. Number 131-A, "True Colors." ABBY: I have never been more disappointed with my team. Last week they were fourth, and now nobody even places except Kendall. And she's third. Nia, Chloe, you picked the wrong week to choke. Well, well, well. I didn't pick three soloists to come here to put you in the competition for you not to do well. The thing that takes the work, the sweat when is the last time that you went into a class and actually were dripping with sweat? When is the last time your feet were so blistery on the bottom that they were cracked open and bleeding? When was the last time that happened? That's a dancer. This group routine has to be perfect. Nobody better drop a hat. We need every point we can get if we have a chance to beat Cathy. And you all know how I get when Cathy shows up. That was an embarrassment. Nobody placed in the solos except Kendall, and she was only third. These girls better do the group dance perfect. Think about Cathy beating us. Think about your reputation as the National Champions. We can't lose to Cathy not now, not ever. You got picked to do a job to beat a bunch of girls who come out and do a whole lot of nothing. Don't embarrass yourself. More importantly do not embarrass me out there. Come on, let's go. I love "Pink Lemonade." I think it's probably one of my favorite group dances I've ever seen the girls put together. I think it really has a lot of potential but I don't know if it has potential to beat an all boys team. ANNOUNCER: Next up, please welcome number 232-A, dancing to "Own It." To know me is to feel the love, feel the... asteroid, outer space, moving at a fast pace. Timeline's down, down. Every breath you try to take. We gain sanity, split personality. Oh, oh, oh. Own it. See it. Dream it in the night. Your possessors of your mind. Move it here to bring you life. Own it. See you dancing in the yard, DJs mixing on the roof. One more shout out, then goodbye. We gained sanity, split personality. Own it. From the outside, looking in, grab the wheel and give a spin. It's your time. Go out and win. JILL: It is crowd appeal at its best. Are they working well together? No. Was the crowd going nuts? Yes. Were they better than our girls? I'm not so sure, at this point. ANNOUNCER: Up next to the stage, please welcome number 215 "Pink Lemonade." Life's a soiree serving pink lemonade a cascade of champagne. You and me. Life is a play and the star on Broadway is you. Just serve yourself. ABBY: There's Chloe's hat, right smack in front of the judges' face. pink lemonade today. CHRISTI: I know the wrath of Abby's crazy, "I want to beat Cathy's all boy team," behavior is going to come down on that one moment. And there's nothing I can do about it, and I feel helpless. - Now my kid's going to get screamed at. - They're all going to get screamed at. - No, but pick on Chloe, especially. - I can't stand it. I can't stand that I have to sit here and wait for this woman to come in here and berate us. Good job! Just so you know, Abby is going to come in here it's going to be awful. - Nice job, Chloe! - Huh? - Nice job. - Let's go. We're leaving. You want Chloe gone, we're going. You get your way. You can have whoever you... Walks out, falls all over the place with the turns. - CHRISTI: No, she didn't. - And then drops her hat. - Yes, she did. - CHRISTI: No, she didn't. ABBY: Yes, she did. CHRISTI: You know what? You go ahead and replace me. I'm leaving. I'm not going to make a scene with you. ABBY: Oh, that's the easy way out. Right? - No. I'm done. I'm done. This is not what I signed up for humiliation for my daughter. I didn't humiliate her! CHRISTI: Yes, you did. She humiliated herself when she-- Abby, shut up. ABBY: --fell out of the turn! CHRISTI: Shut up. Stop talking, now. Replace us, that's fine. Come on, Chlo. We're done. CHRISTI: Get away from me! I thought besides somebody dropping their hat, it was not bad. KELLY: I think that more is going on in Christi's head than just Abby yelling at Chloe for her losing her hat. I mean, there's been a lot going on this competition season. And I just think that we're all a little stressed right now. CHRISTI: Get away from me. Get away from me. See ya, Christi. I mean, what are you thinking? Am I going to reprimand Chloe? Am I going to tell her what she did wrong? You bet. Chloe, you just blew this. If we don't win, it's your fault for dropping the hat. ANNOUNCER: The next category is Junior Advanced Small Group. MELISSA: Okay. Here we go. My second runner up, number 214, "The Lord of Gymnastics and Cheer." Separating my runner up and my winner is 1/10 of a point. Of course! If Cathy beats me again by 1/10 of a point-- ANNOUNCER: Number 232-A, "Own It," from Candy Apples Dance Center. And the winner of the Junior Advanced Small Group goes to number 215. MELISSA: It was the best feeling in the world. I can't even tell you how good it felt to beat boys. Where do we dance, ladies? Abby Lee Dance Company! I'm really excited that we beat Cathy but it's just not the same without Christi here. If Abby would've realized that Chloe dropping her hat didn't ruin the number, I just think the whole fight would've never happened. CHRISTI: I need a cab. Do you know where I can find a cab? Thank you. Abby gets her way. She's wanted to be gone for years, and she doesn't think Chloe has any kind of talent. But somebody out there is going to think she goes. All right, kiddo, let's go outside. I'm so glad we beat them! CHRISTI: Come on. We did not sign up for this. I don't really think this is worth it anymore. ABBY : Next on "Dance Moms"-- Did you come in the big crappy bus from Pittsburgh? - Cathy, go to hell! - Oh, you're just scared! - You cannot talk to children like that. - No, her. But we have to beat those kids. We have to. - Cathy, no one wants you here. - Just shut your mouth! JILL: Shut your mouth! Woo! ABBY: I didn't mean to do that. Because I didn't mean to do that, either. - ABBY: That woman just hit me. - JILL: Come on, bring it on! That's enough. Let's go outside. Get lost, bitch!
