ABBY : Previously on "Dance Moms"-- We have a new member of the team.
Asia will be joining the Abby Lee Dance Company.
I do not think there is enough competition among you.
CHRISTI: Well, doesn't it make you nervous at all that last week Abby really didn't want Kenzie to do the group, and then this week she brings in someone that's her age and gives her a solo?
The top Energy Junior Small Group is entry 124-A, "Machine Lines.
ABBY: Do you think I've given up my whole life to deal with that piece of crap?
No!
She is dirt under my feet!
ABBY : Coming up on "Dance Moms"-- We're doing a patriotic number.
This is about the politics-- CHRISTI: Of dance.
- --of dance.
ABBY: Politics is life.
It is about who you know.
CHRISTI: Maddie and Chloe are competing against each other at this competition.
ABBY: Now you realize you're up against Chloe.
I mean, Asia comes in from out of town-- what do I do with Asia-- right when Mackenzie is injured.
She doesn't want to let Asia take her spot.
Kendall, you're chasing her!
The kid is a brat!
There are brats in there, and Kendall's not one of them!
HOLLY: I don't care what you say or what you don't say, so let's get that clear.
ABBY: Today you will be voting on Maddie or Chloe.
May the best man win.
Get up!
Get on the floor!
My world is with my girls, living on the dance floor.
Well, look at you, the first one in.
Wow.
I love that your child and you are the first ones in the door.
JILL: I don't like Kristie Rae.
She's been here just a short period of time, and she's already positioning herself to be Abby's favorite.
ABBY: Congratulations, Asia.
It was your first time competing with the Abby Lee Dance Company, and you were the big winner.
All right.
Last week, Cathy got the only perfect score given.
It was horrible.
How come four strangers that don't dance together on a daily basis, that aren't taught by the same teacher, come together and tell the story and connect with each other?
You're all together every single day.
I didn't see that connection.
I don't think some of you want to be here.
And I certainly don't think any of you work hard enough.
The pyramid today-- first, Mackenzie.
Mackenzie, you're injured.
You didn't dance.
You stayed home.
MELISSA: Mackenzie hurt her foot.
She just has an overuse injury.
She just has to rest.
And next, we have Brooke.
You are 15 years old.
We all make choices.
If you want to work hard, you'll get better.
Next, Chloe.
Chloe, you were part of a trio.
That trio should have won.
It was second.
You fell out of the turns early.
You hit the floor before everybody else.
CHRISTI: I think the only way that Chloe will ever make it to the top of the pyramid again is if she may be reincarnates as Anna Pavlova.
And next, Kendall.
You were also part of a trio that came in second.
And now, Maddie.
Maddie, you were a part of the trio, too.
What went wrong?
MELISSA: Maddie's fourth on the pyramid and Abby said, you know, you were part of the losing trio.
I thought they were fabulous.
Next, Paige.
KELLY: I'm glad that Paige is moving her way up the pyramid.
With me behaving myself and not fighting with Abby, it's paying off for my kids.
Paige, if I give you the responsibility to be part of the group number, then work harder.
And next I have Nia.
Nia, you've been flying under the radar.
You're here because you're like Switzerland.
HOLLY: Being second on the pyramid is a big deal.
And I think Abby stole Nia's joy by saying she got it by flying under the radar.
I mean, that's defeating.
And next, on top of the pyramid, is Asia.
ABBY: Asia, you were our big winner.
This is a reflection of your score, not your legs or your feet.
Those things all need a lot of attention.
Understood?
KRISTIE: This week, Asia brought it and now we're on top of the pyramid.
Mackenzie, what's wrong?
ABBY: You feel dizzy?
All right.
Why don't you take a seat?
OK?
You want to keep that foot up.
Mackenzie has to stay off of her foot.
And you were her opposite, and now you don't have an opposite.
So what do I do with Asia?
JILL: Asia and Mackenzie are so much smaller than everybody else on this team, that they both need to be in this group number to offset one another.
They're both like two cute little bookends.
ABBY: So you're going to come into the group and you're going to learn it.
But I don't know if you're in it or not.
KRISTIE: It's unfortunate that Kenzie's hurt right now.
So I'm waiting patiently to see if she's going to get a chance to be in this group this week.
We're doing a patriotic number.
It's called "Free the People.
We have the conservatives and the liberals.
Clearly, the Abby Lee Dance Company is not a democracy.
Abby is a totalitarianist.
Now, this week we're going to Philadelphia.
We are attending Powerhouse Dance Competition.
After last weekend, I need to put my best foot forward.
This whole fair thing, with trying to spread it all around, no.
Obviously, Asia, you get another solo.
The name of your solo is "Ready for War.
So, Maddie, you have another solo this week.
I think it's strange that Paige is higher than Maddie on the pyramid, but yet Maddie gets the solo and Paige doesn't.
The name of your song is "I'm Trying.
Chloe, you will be doing a solo this week.
The name of your routine is "Am I Here to Stay?
CHRISTI: Maddie and Chloe are competing against each other.
And this is the first time in months these two are going to go head-to-head.
JILL: Maddie is the consistent winner, but I know Chloe is really hungry to win.
With their rivalry, anything could happen.
ABBY: All right.
Moms, you're dismissed.
Girls, spread apart.
Let's warm up.
Go ahead.
Come here, girls.
So why did Mackenzie start crying, though, all of a sudden, in the middle of pyramid?
Did you notice the timing?
CHRISTI: Oh.
KELLY: Mackenzie started crying as soon as Asia was announced that she was at the top of the pyramid.
I think she's intimidated.
CHRISTI: It didn't even register on my radar.
Melissa's daughters can't be out-danced.
So rather than have Asia and Mackenzie go head-to-head, Melissa pulls Kenzie from the dance.
Smart, Melissa.
ABBY: So this is loosely based on the political system.
Every time we go to a dance competition I hear people toss around the saying, "Well, this is political.
Oh, well, she's going to win because it's all politics, that it's maybe me who you know.
Well, then I guess politics is life.
Because it is about who you know.
Hey, whatever it takes.
Right?
- That's what this is about.
- That is true.
This is about politics-- CHRISTI: Of dance.
--of dance.
The ALDC is very political.
We are all campaigning all the time to keep our daughters on top.
I can feel it-- ABBY: This week we're who a routine called "Free the People.
It's a big patriotic number, and I think it's important for kids today to realize that they have a voice.
Asia, pay attention to what they're doing.
Yes?
I just gave you that one step to work on, but you need to pay attention to this group.
Originally, this routine had four girls on the conservative side and four girls on the liberal side.
And with that, I'm going to let you go.
But with Mackenzie out on injured reserve, I don't know what to do with Asia.
So I put Asia to work on her solo.
Rosie the Riveter.
Say that.
Rosie the Riveter.
Do you know who that is?
Yeah.
She's going to be Rosie the Riveter.
Rosa what?
Rosie the Riveter.
You know, the girl from war war ads.
So you need to be strong.
Give me the arm.
Woo!
Look at that.
Asia is doing a hot, sassy, jazz routine it's called "Ready for War," and it's based on the character Rosie the Riveter.
Five, six, seven, eight.
Just keep it-- head and head and head and head.
Yes.
I think Asia, she could have been Rosie the Riveter.
She is one tough cookie.
All right, you're finished.
I'm going to let you go, Rosie.
Send in your co-worker.
OK, Chloe.
Chloe, the name of this is "Am I Here to Stay?
I mean, really, are you here to stay?
Are you going to come out an amazing dancer?
Time will tell.
Chloe is holding a national title.
She needs to dig down deep to beat Maddie.
Every time I think about the day you left me here, I feel so cold inside.
CHRISTI: Chloe is the underdog.
Abby plays favorites, and Chloe is certainly not one of them.
OK, Chloe, that's all we're going to do.
And, like, let that really hang.
And then you can get straight again.
Nice.
Better.
All right.
Chloe, that's it.
We have to wrap it up.
I'll see you tomorrow.
All right, good night.
All right, Maddie.
Maddie has a solo titled "I'm Trying.
She is trying to be the overall first place high score.
Chloe is holding a national title.
That's all Maddie wants.
So is Chloe and Maddie compared a lot?
Is that how it works?
Last year it was, yes.
JILL: They're her stars.
They score the highest.
CHRISTI: Abby doesn't give Chloe a whole lot of credit any longer.
Why do you think that is?
Because Abby hates me.
But, see, I think she gives Chloe a ton of opportunities.
I swear, I do.
HOLLY: Abby's making it clear that the pressure's on Chloe to beat Maddie this week.
Clearly, she's not on the same level plane field because Christi's not Melissa.
Now you realize you're up against Chloe.
JILL: At this point, it's anybody's game.
And nothing is scarier than a dance mom under pressure.
ABBY: Remember, sometimes people play dirty when they're talking about politics.
How's your foot?
It's OK.
MELISSA: Ugh.
There's stuff all over the floor there.
Here, honey.
You have to do your homework, Mad.
No.
I don't want to.
I know, honey, but-- you're going to go to dance, but you have to have your homework finished first.
I know.
But can't we just got to, like, dance early and I'll do that later?
You could do it on the way.
I'm thinking of homeschooling Maddie and Mackenzie because they can do a lot more.
They can dance more.
They can take voice and piano.
And, you know, kids have more time to-- for themselves.
I have Tracy coming over to talk to you guys.
You know, if we do the homeschooling, then you guys can dance more, you know, and really do what you want to do.
- OK?
- OK.
I really want to homeschool, even though my mom says that school comes before dance.
I say that dance comes before school.
It's Tracy.
MACKENZIE: MELISSA: Sh.
- Hi, Trace!
TRACY: Hi.
- How are you?
TRACY: Good.
How are you?
- Come on in.
- Thank you.
- Come on.
I've been doing a lot of research about homeschooling.
I've spoken to a few tutors that would actually teach my girls.
And we're just going to see what happens at this point.
I was explaining to the girls that I spoke to you, you know, about homeschooling them.
And I explained to them that they have to go to school every day, you know, and that's the law.
Yeah.
With homeschooling, you do everything that you would do in school-- all the same subjects, everything.
It's about four to five hours a day, so you have extra time to do more things, like dance.
They both want to do it.
You know, Mackenzie wants to-- she wants to really step it up with her dancing.
But I'll miss my school friends.
I know.
You have your best friend there, huh?
MACKENZIE: I want to be homeschooled, but I'll miss my friends.
TRACY: I suggest maybe me and you going to a meeting with one of the counselors.
MELISSA: This sounds good, so we're going to move forward.
OK, girls, we got to go get ready for dance.
Thank Tracy for coming.
Thank you.
You're welcome, girls.
Well, I'm excited for your solo.
It's been a really long, rough road for Chloe.
Because Abby has said that she no longer is at Maddie's level, and that she can't keep up, and she's regressed.
So I'm really happy to see Chloe given the opportunity to prove that none of that is true.
Come on, girls!
Let's go, let's go, let's go.
You should be ready!
The routine is a big hot mess right now.
But once I get Asia in this number, I think it's going to come together.
We're going to start the dance where we left off.
I figured out what I'm going to do with you, Asia.
I don't like to throw kids out in the end of the numbers, but I think this will be inspirational.
I think the audience will love it.
And I am going to have you come running onto the stage with the American flag.
I want to use Asia in this patriotic number because she's a little firecracker.
So I decided to let Asia carry the flag.
Now, this is very important.
A flag it's never supposed to touch the ground.
You need to be careful that it never touches the ground.
I met with a tutor today, you know, just asking questions about homeschooling.
JILL: Oh, you did?
MELISSA: Mm-hmm.
JILL: What's your next step?
MELISSA: I don't know if I'm doing it yet.
JILL: You find a tutor-- I still don't know if I'm doing it yet.
Do you want them to get more dance class?
Totally.
KELLY: I think the only reason Melissa's pulling her kids out of school is to get them ahead in the dance world.
And that's a crock of .
I'm definitely going to do it next year.
I mean, it's a definite for next year, no question.
Maddie and Mackenzie want to homeschool.
They want more time.
They can dance more.
They'll be able to sleep another hour in the morning.
What do you want out of this experience that the school can't provide you?
Mackenzie's going to take piano.
Like-- like, it'll be fun for her to take a piano class.
You know?
Like, I might take piano.
I know Melissa will do anything to make sure that her daughters are the best dancers.
But taking your kids out of school is really serious, and I'm not sure that Melissa is doing it for the right reasons.
School is not just about busy work.
It's about can you think.
Can you be a citizen of the world and think for yourself?
I just really agree with Holly.
I really do.
Isn't our role as a parent to make sure our children grow up educated?
The only thing Maddie's going to know is a tendu!
These are hard questions because your child gets one chance at education.
Run again for me.
Run.
Something's coming.
I can feel it.
- Is that her part?
- She runs across the back?
Come on.
Chase her!
That looks really bad.
Don't you think?
Well, I just think she's too short to hold the flag.
Now run.
Now do your grand jeté, then keep going.
Asia just runs through with the flag.
Like, this-- is this the Olympics and did you just win the marathon?
I think this makes Asia look like she can't do anything.
In the group dance, Asia's role is little.
But I don't think it's demeaning her as a dancer.
People know how my child dances, so I'm not going to get all feathers ruffled over this flag.
But I remember a flag dance-- Do you really think everyone who goes to dance competitions know your-- how your child dances?
I think enough people-- HOLLY: Really?
--that are important know how my daughter dances.
Yeah.
Asia might be a big deal on the internet, but so was a dog who can bark his ABCs.
I never heard of Asia before she walked through this door.
I just think that's a really big thing to say.
The competitions that we do in other states are larger.
I'm just mainly stating a fact that the women up here did not know who Asia was.
There's nothing to disagree about.
I didn't even know who Nia was.
But I wouldn't expect you to.
All of the moms have worked really hard to get our girls where they are in this team.
So to have Kristie Ray waltz in and act like she's a star-- it's pretty obnoxious, to say the least.
I'm not afraid to say anything at any time.
I don't care what you say and what you don't say.
So let's get that clear.
Sometimes we have nothing interesting or intelligent to say.
You should just be quiet.
And I won't be quiet because I always do have something interesting and intelligent to say.
I disagree on that one.
We can agree to disagree on that.
ABBY: Eight, seven, six, five, four, three-- I only have two days with this number on stage.
I need to make sure everything is perfect, including the costumes.
My vision is patriotic-- an assortment of red, white, and blue.
So I figured the moms to do it.
There is no costumes.
Did anyone go home and do any of the costume with the flag or do anything with the flag?
CHRISTI: No.
I did not.
Abby wants us to make a costume this week out of a flag.
But I thought it was against the rules to cut a flag.
I think that that's, like, unpatriotic.
My God, like, people die for that freedom that that flag represents.
Absolutely.
CHRISTI: And for us to be like, "Cover your booty with it"-- There are some things you just do not do.
And tampering-- destroying the American flag is one of them.
You should not use it as a costume.
ABBY: In the history of the Abby Lee Dance Company, there has always been more than one top dancer.
And now there's Maddie and Chloe.
And they're amazing because they have each other to compete with.
That's where you let that arm get caught up over your head.
If their leg is this high, you want yours to be higher.
If they could jump as high, you want to jump higher.
Every child gets better because the girl standing next to her is getting better.
Chloe and Maddie going head-to-head this week is huge.
Their rivalry has been going on for years, where they back and forth in first place.
Chloe is just as talented as Maddie, but she's out of practice.
And I'm happy that Chloe finally is going to get a chance to show that she's the reigning National Champ.
I think that's it.
Maddie, why don't you get a drink?
Chloe, grab a drink.
Asia, go right now.
Asia is quite impressive.
She has so much electricity when she dances.
I think Mackenzie should sit and watch Asia.
Hey, she's sitting on her but getting worse and Asia's on stage getting better.
Very good!
Melissa's made it very clear to all the moms she's not the least bit threatened by Asia or Kristie.
I'm going to go ask Abby about the costumes.
But if I was Melissa, I would feel a little threatened.
So what's happening with the foot?
What do you think?
She really wants to dance.
I mean, Asia comes in from out of town, boom.
She comes in right when Mackenzie's injured.
Asia and Mackenzie both have great qualities, and they also both have a lot of flaws.
But if Mackenzie keeps sitting and Asia keeps dancing, Asia's going to get better.
You know, she doesn't want to let Asia waltz into here from 3,000 miles away and pass her up and take her spot.
Ready?
Let's go.
Paige, give her the flag back so she can do it.
When you put it over her, it needs to be vertical.
Because Paige can't adapt quickly to that change.
She wouldn't know how to just twist it around 90 degrees.
Asia and Paige both have to work with the flag.
I mean, Asia runs around with it, and Paige has to hold it up the correct way.
So they both have to work together to make this work.
Seeds of anger-- The group routine "Free the People" is very inspirational, patriotic.
And you just want to stand up when that flag comes out.
We all want the same thing.
ABBY: Chase her!
Go!
Chase her!
Keep running!
Kendall, you're chasing her!
What?
What?
What did she do?
ABBY: Kendall, when you chase someone, should you be in front of them or behind them?
When Kendall and Chloe and Maddie all ran to the middle and they all got balled up, but she yelled at Kendall.
ABBY: OK.
Kendall, meet Asia.
You're going to chase her around this room.
When you get up, you go behind her.
You fall in line behind her.
KENDALL: I know, but she was still doing her grand jeté when we rolled up.
ABBY: I expect you to go into another room or the den and start working on that number.
Every step of it, go.
I work my butt off to make sure Abby has no reason to yell at me or my daughter.
But she does anyway.
All right.
I just wanted to check on you.
Abby says dance is political.
Well, I'm the one that walked her dog and bought her gifts.
And she's still featuring Maddie, Chloe, and Asia, and yelling at Kendall.
Excuse me.
- Yes?
- I know you're busy.
We have something that we need to discuss.
ABBY: I don't have anything to discuss.
- Well, I-- listen.
I'm need to find out-- But why is your kid crying?
Every-- everbody else-- - Because you don't scream at-- - Everybody else gets yelled at.
- She's a baby.
- --any other kid like you scream at her.
Oh-- you say one thing to that kid and, "Boo, hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo, "she's crying to her mother.
You know what, Kendall?
If you want to be the baby of the team, that's fine.
Go.
There's the door, right there.
JILL: Abby, I wish it were that easy.
ABBY: I understand that, but-- And if that's really what you want, then we will.
That's-- that's not what I want.
JILL: I didn't think that's what you wanted.
ABBY: But I don't get what the crying, boo-hoo little-- I don't either.
The other moms can't-- Your kid is a brat-- Are you kidding me?
ABBY: Is crying, she's crying one-- There are brats in there, and Kendall is not one of them, and you know it!
ABBY: We're at Powerhouse Dance Competition in Philadelphia.
And I am really worried.
The competition is tough.
They're going to have to battle their way to the top.
Ooh, this is neat!
This is like Dungeons and Dragons.
Jill's right.
We're all in the dungeon, and Abby is the dragon.
ABBY: I want you girls to be strong.
People should be on their feet cheering when they see that flag come out.
Save your tears for the pillow.
JILL: Asia was crying in the dressing room the other night.
Not because I yelled at her.
Yeah, because you never yell at her.
I know that Asia was crying in the dressing room.
I mean, it's-- it's really not my business, but I wanted Abby to know.
ABBY: Jill, I can't believe you were tattletaling on a 7-year-old.
Oh, I didn't tattletale.
I wanted her mom to explain.
ABBY: I can't believe Jill, a grown woman, is tattletaling on a 7-year-old.
Jill, we all know who the crybaby on the team is.
Yeah, well, you-- you keep reminding everybody.
ABBY: All right.
Are we ready for our Miss USA fashion show?
Yankee Doodle.
- Woo!
- Work the runway.
Yankee Doodle.
Cute.
Next.
Why don't you come right in front of that one?
MELISSA: Look at Paige.
I feel much better with the moms making the costumes out of handkerchiefs and fabric rather than cutting up a flag.
I just feel like that was totally against the rules.
MELISSA: She's such a teenager.
HOLLY: I am really proud of us.
The costumes are sharp, and no flags were harmed.
Betsy Ross!
Cute!
I'm worried about Paige.
I'm worried about her making sure that flag is used correctly.
But I'm also a little concerned with Asia stretching that flag over Paige.
No.
No.
No.
OK.
You're not getting low enough and you're not grabbing it in front, like, here.
Right hand on blue.
Do it again.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Flip it over.
These girls better do the group dance perfect or we're screwed.
Line up, soldiers!
KELLY: If Abby thought that the main part of the dance was Paige holding the flag up correctly, then she should've rehearsed it a lot more than 30 seconds before they went on stage.
Remember, this routine loses, they're blaming you.
KRISTIE: Anything could go wrong.
But as far as Asia handling the flag, I think she can pull it off.
ANNOUNCER: Entry number 74, Junior Small Group Division.
Here they are with "Free the People.
Something's coming.
I can feel it.
Through the darkness we can't stop it.
Will I live to see another day?
Will I live to see the sunrise?
What we're doing here is right.
And in our hands, a burning spear.
Our hearts, on fire.
We feel no fear.
And I will shield us all around from sky to ground.
Our breathing is freedom.
ANNOUNCER: That was entry number 74, "Free the People.
So we know that Paige held the flag up wrong.
But knowing that Asia is the new kid on the team, I'm hoping that the mothers don't target her to blame for this flag.
Asia puts the flag on Paige's back, upside down.
Like, it was Asia's fault.
Come on.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
I told Paige, who is 12 years old, 10 times how to hold the flag.
Were you taught what to do in class, in rehearsal?
Did we go over it?
And the one most.
Important thing was right hand on the blue section.
Well, but, she hung it that way because if you looked at her when she was pulling it out, she was holding it by the stripes.
So she just held it the other way.
She learned what to do.
And she knew that she needed to get those blue stars in her right hand to pull it up.
This week we're performing a political number.
And getting to vote is a big deal, so I thought why not have the kids judge each other?
All right, girls, we're going to do something a little different.
Today everybody who will be sitting in the audience, you will be voting on Maddie or Chloe.
Here's another one of Abby's twisted lessons-- the politics of dance.
I get that you have to vote and everybody gets a vote and someone wins and someone loses.
But it doesn't make it any easier to vote against your friends.
ABBY: So you get to judge on the performance.
It's up to you to go in there and make a choice.
Today you get to judge on the performance.
You will be voting on Maddie or Chloe.
Really, Abby?
You're going to have the moms and the girls silent vote for who danced better, Chloe or Maddie?
What are you hoping to gain out of that?
I want you to see that when you're judging many different things come into play.
I am trying to get these kids motivated to be more passionate about their dancing.
What better way than sitting in the audience and judging?
Come on, come on, let's go.
I think healthy competition between them makes them both stronger, better performers.
KRISTIE: I think Abby was trying to challenge them to out-dance each other on stage.
I don't think there's anything wrong with it.
I've always instilled in Asia to brush off the bad comments and prove them wrong on stage.
ANNOUNCER: Taking the stage right now is entry number 15.
Here is Asia with "Ready for War.
Ponytail-- check.
Earrings off-- check.
You see, I'm ready-- ready for war.
Don't you forget it 'cause I'm coming for more.
If you thought that I was done, that I was through, you're mistaken.
I have so much more.
You see, I'm ready-- ready for war.
MELISSA: I think Asia looked good on stage.
But it's hard to watch because I feel bad for Mackenzie.
It's breaking her heart.
Good job!
I did it.
OK.
All right.
Take one, pass them down.
HOLLY: Yes.
Oh, you could borrow one.
KRISTIE: Thank you.
- Does everyone have a ballot?
HOLLY: I have one.
I wonder why Abby's doing that voting thing for Maddie and I.
Maybe because you guys haven't competed against each other in a while.
They want to see who's been working harder.
The dance competition world is a much bigger picture.
Kids don't always understand.
I want to see if this vote helps them to see what the judges are seeing.
Just because somebody is your friend doesn't mean that they're going to show favoritism towards you.
ANNOUNCER: Taking the stage right now, entry number 29.
Here's Chloe with "Am I Here to Stay?
I really hope she just doesn't let the pressure get to her and she doesn't psych herself out.
Because her solo is beautiful, and I really just want her to do well with it.
GIRLS: Go, Chloe!
Can't explain the vision in my dreams.
I just don't know what it mean.
Every time I think about the day you left me here, I feel so cold inside.
It's not coming back 'cause you're not coming back.
You're gone, but this pain is here to stay.
But this pain is here to stay.
CHRISTI: Considering all this pressure on Chloe this week.
I thought she was beautiful and elegant on stage.
I'm really proud of Chloe.
I think it was good enough to beat Maddie.
ANNOUNCER: Taking the stage right now we've got entry number 30.
Here's Maddie with "I'm Trying.
Tears rolling down from my eyes, and I forget why I'm crying.
The need to make a change, pick up the pieces and rearrange-- oh, and I'm trying to see every star, shut out the storm that hit my life.
Oh, I'm trying.
CHRISTI: I think when people are voting, they need to remember that these girls are working at a disadvantage unless they're Maddie.
I think Chloe's better.
But who am I to judge?
I personally would have really liked to see Mackenzie and Asia go head-to-head.
MELISSA: They will.
I don't know.
I think that you're going to make sure that doesn't happen, Melissa.
Woo-hoo!
KELLY: When we're done with this voting, can we change the front of that to say Suggestion Box?
Because I got a few suggestions.
CHRISTI: Oh, good idea!
Good job, everybody.
ABBY: Good, good, good, good, good.
Wonderful.
Wonderful.
Wonderful.
Yay!
KELLY: Oh, for god's sakes.
HOLLY: Kids vote all the time in schools, whether it's for student council or team captains.
But it doesn't make it easy.
Maddie, Chloe, you don't get to vote.
OK.
Come on and put your vote in the box.
JILL: Put your ballots-- ABBY: There you go.
OK.
Thank you.
We're going to keep these safe and sound and we're going to count these votes later.
Everybody back off.
Let's go for awards.
Smile.
Let's go.
You guys ready for awards?
We cast our ballots.
Now it's time to see who the judges selected as their winner.
In the Junior Small Group Division-- ABBY: I was sweating it out there in the end.
Were the judges looking for straight legs and pointed feet?
Were they looking for a story?
Who knows.
It's in the hands of the judges now.
ANNOUNCER: In third place, entry number 72, "Be Mine.
KELLY: Abby already blamed Paige for the whole flag thing.
I just hope that we can go out there and we can win.
Second place, entry number 74, "Free the People.
ABBY: We were only second.
And we all know how I feel about second.
In the Petite Solo Division-- --third place, entry number 12, "Get Up Off of That Thing.
Second place is entry number 13, "Supercalifragilistic.
And first place, entry number 15, "Ready for War.
ANNOUNCER: And name your studio.
Abby Lee Dance Company.
ANNOUNCER: Give her a round of applause.
KRISTIE: I'm so excited Asia pulled it off and won first place.
If you don't know Asia, Holly, now you do.
In the Junior Solo Division, third place, entry number 25, "Stairway to Heaven.
CHRISTI: I'm sitting there, and I'm a ball of nerves and tension.
But, newsflash-- Chloe has beat Maddie before.
It's not like this far fetched thing to think that she could beat her, because she has.
It's just too much pressure.
Back to the old, you know, Chloe versus Maddie.
And I really hope Maddie wins first.
Second place is entry number 29, "Am I Here to Stay?
CHRISTI: I'm shocked that Chloe got second.
And, to be honest, I haven't seen Chloe dance this well in a long time.
She was amazing in the dance.
ANNOUNCER: In first place, entry number 30, "I'm Trying.
MELISSA: Yeah, Maddie!
ABBY: Maddie was close to perfection.
Her technique was flawless, and the emotional execution is always heartfelt.
That's why Maddie wins.
Woo-hoo!
- And you-- - Maddie, Abby Lee Dance Company.
This is a toss up.
Maddie and Chloe are both doing things really, really well.
And I think both of them want this bad.
They're both dancing great.
All right.
We're going to count the ballots.
Maddie, Chloe, and Paige.
Was that you?
You wrote it?
You're just making a mockery of this?
CHRISTI: Kelly could vote for whomever she wants.
However, she voted against my daughter, and it did hurt my feelings.
All right.
Maddie, Chloe, Maddie.
HOLLY: On one hand, I wanted to vote for Maddie because of her technique.
On the other hand, I wanted to vote for Chloe because she did the best with what she had.
Maddie, Maddie, Chloe, Maddie, Maddie.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
One, two, three.
Maddie wins.
I was shocked that more of the kids did not vote for Chloe.
Now, that's what your teammates thought.
MELISSA: Christi just wanted this victory for Chloe, and I don't blame her.
I'm sad for Chloe, absolutely.
ABBY: Take that sadness and put it into your dancing.
Use more emotion.
This has been a long day, and one thing is for sure.
My mom and dad taught me to never discuss religion or politics.
HOLLY: Although awkward, I think the voting experience was a good one for the girls.
Because this is not about friendship or popularity.
It's about who can get the job done for the team.
Now, Abby, next time two of your kids go head-to-head in a category, you going to have everybody vote?
Because you've never done this before and it's just clearly a way to make Chloe feel bad about herself.
It's a competitive world, whether it be politics or dance or school.
But you have a lot of other kids who go and do stuff but you don't call them out on it!
You only pick on mine Oh, you're welcome.
ABBY : Next on "Dance Moms"-- I have been officially invited to be on "The View.
What if you get hurt again and you're not good for New York City?
Like, right now, Asia's rehearsing your spot.
KRISTIE: It's about this whole charade.
Don't let her rehearse.
- What charade?
KRISTIE: The charade about the foot.
What the is wrong with the foot?
CHRISTI: I want to know where the miracle came from because-- Why don't you call the doctor and ask him?
Don't take it out on me that Abby pulled your kid from a dance.
ABBY: Maddie, if they don't do well, I'm going to need a new assistant.
