ABBY LEE MILLER: Previously on "Dance Moms" Tell All Reunion.
You can go ahead and lie about that, but you know that wasn't the problem.
You know what?
You don't want to go there.
It was disrespectful and rude saying she has to hide behind a mask.
I did not want to see my daughter being totally humiliated.
Chloe gets beat all the time.
You make sure of that.
I pay Abby to critique my child.
You act as though this 90-pound weakling beat you up.
When you strike another person, you have crossed the line.
Swat.
I swatted you, and it probably didn't even hurt.
OK, I'm finished.
- No, no, no.
She's not-- - Yes, I am.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
She's threatened by me.
NARRATOR: Coming up on "Dance Moms" Tell All.
There was a lot of jealousy.
They've been running off customers for years.
I'm not here to make friends.
It's my kid you're talking about.
Honey, I didn't take my hand up his and make him a ventriloquist.
Why are they crying?
If they're going to cry, they're not going to make it in the world of dance.
I don't want her to have these experiences.
I don't want people to think it's all about the screaming.
Where were you guys three years ago?
Crap like you should be shoved down a toilet.
We beat you, so that's how crappy I am.
Look at your poor pathetic mother over there.
Did you just call my mother pathetic?
I don't care.
She's nothing to me, and neither are you.
[MUSIC - NIKKO LOWE, "LIVING ON THE DANCE FLOOR"] Get up.
Get on the floor.
My world is with my girls living on the dance floor.
Hi, everybody, I'm Jeff Collins, and welcome back to Part 2 of our "Dance Moms" Tell All.
The whole gang's back, plus we have a couple of new moms joining us.
Our audience has even more questions, and the girls are back to perform again.
The Abby Lee Dance Company has seen a lot of drama, and things got really heated this season.
Take a look.
Be grateful that Sophia has come to Pittsburgh and join that group.
It's like going from mediocre to flying first class.
You are committed, and if you leave, you owe her $100,000 cash.
Well, thank God I have $100,000.
Sometimes if you have nothing interesting or intelligent to say, you should just be quiet.
And I won't be quiet because I always do have something interesting or intelligent.
I disagree on that one.
- Kristie.
- Yes?
Look at me when you're speaking.
Look at me when you talk.
- Excuse me?
- Excuse me.
- I'm looking you in the eye, bitch.
- Let's go.
I'm not that way.
You need to settle yourself down.
No, I don't.
Do not call me a bitch if you can't back it up.
After a wild and explosive season, "Dance Moms" Tell All Reunion starts right now.
So let's bring out the star of our show.
Please welcome Abby Lee Miller.
- How are you?
- I'm good.
- It's great to see you.
- Thank you.
Have a seat.
You're looking fabulous.
Ready to do this again?
- Thank you.
Thank you.
Well, I guess.
- All right, let's do it.
With the moms walking out at the beginning of the season, it meant that there were new moms that came into the mix.
How did Kristie Ray and Jackie fit in with our group?
They were nice.
They were respectful.
They followed my rules.
With the other moms, I think there was a lot of jealousy.
So how do you think what went on up in the observation mezzanine may have played into running off some of your paying customers?
Oh, they've been running off customers for years.
Ridiculous.
Critiquing other people's children, ridiculous.
So do you think that started right from the start when these kids came in and they saw how talented they were?
ABBY LEE MILLER: Yes.
Well, one of the things that we saw pop up on the blogs and people ask about was they wanted to know why Sophia and Maddie didn't ever compete against each other.
What we had planned was for Sophia and Maddie to do a tap duet, because Sophia is an amazing tap dancer, and so is Maddie and you never get to see Maddie do that on the show.
So who is a better dancer, Sophia or Maddie?
I think they're very different dancers.
I'm not going to sit on this stage and tell you that one is better than the other.
I think Sophia has had a lot more opportunities than Maddie.
I think Sophia is hit it hard and dynamic and entertaining and just lights up the stage and she blows me away.
Maddie, I think she hears the music and it's passionate and it comes from her heart.
It's not about the sass and the hitting it hard.
It's about the placement.
And they're just so, so very different.
That's why I personally never wanted them to go against each other because I wanted the two kids to collaborate and learn from each other.
I was trying to get Maddie to learn from Sophia, and that will never happen.
Let's do the same comparison with Asia and Mackenzie.
Who's a better dancer?
Asia is a rock star.
She's an absolutely better performer.
If I was to ask her about Bob Fosse and Michael Bennett, I think Mackenzie is more knowledgeable.
You would do something different if Asia was your student full-time?
Well, Asia has learned.
She has improved in the last month at my studio.
- Right.
- And she's conscious of her flaws.
She correct herself before I even have to step in, and that is a battle that I've won.
That's amazing.
That's amazing.
Abby isn't that great of a teacher.
What did Abby really teach you?
Not really anything.
I don't think we brought one thing home from our time that we spent at ALDC that we could use.
And Mackenzie has realized very quickly that you have to step up to the plate.
- So Asia really made her step it up.
- Yes.
I think that Sophia rocked Maddie's world, but Maddie is smart enough to figure out-- she used it in a positive way.
She was enlightened.
- I think Mackenzie did the same thing.
- Well, that's amazing.
Let's take some questions from the audience for Abby.
Do you think the other dance moms are jealous of Kristie Ray because of her physical attributes?
Oh!
Yes.
So am I.
My goodness.
Her waist is this big.
Way up here.
She's exquisite and she's exotic and she's fun.
Pretty, pretty, girl.
- That was nice.
- Thank you, Abby.
Asia Ray's mom is here.
Please welcome Kristie Ray.
- Look at that dress.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Whoa.
- How are you?
Come sit.
- How are you?
Look, I get the hug.
Yeah.
- I don't want to mess up her makeup.
- How are you?
- Wonderful.
- Wow.
It's been a long time since we've seen you.
Yes.
We first met you at Abby's Ultimate Dance Competition back in the summer.
- Mm-hmm.
So when you went to Abby's studio in Pittsburgh, how was it fitting in with the moms?
Well, first I want to say that Asia loves Abby and I'm here because I appreciate Abby.
And being an outsider coming in here, I knew an outsider was never going to fit in the world of these moms that have been a group for so long.
But I'm not here to actually make friends.
I'm here to move my daughter forward, get the training that she needs.
And Asia gravitates towards strong, tough love that some may disagree with, and since she's been with Abby, I've seen a tremendous difference.
So right now, fitting in is not an issue with me because I'm doing it for Asia.
So tell me this.
Which one of the moms at the Abby Lee Dance Company did you have the most trouble with?
I think they all have issues with me that maybe they just don't understand why I'm here.
I think they think there's some ulterior motive, something else going on.
Well, most people want to leave Pittsburgh and go to LA for their dance career.
Like there's not many opportunities in Pittsburgh.
I mean, let's be real.
So it just seems odd.
I see what she sees.
And there's 181 dance studios in Orange County, California alone.
She can get great training right here.
But Asia worked with me in the one on one private tutoring session.
And in that 30 minutes, I fix things.
And maybe I'm the right teacher for Asia.
- Yeah.
She soaked it up.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Yes.
But it's also Abby teaches hard, so it prepares them for the real world.
Let me ask you something.
Do you think these moms are scared of you?
No.
I don't think they're scared of me.
Like we said something about how Asia cries and it was like she was going to beat the out of Kristie.
And we were like, whoa.
Hold back.
They know that I'm not a pushover and they know that I stand my ground.
And I do, you know, have a slight snappiness.
I mean-- un poquito.
- Un poquito.
But you know what, I don't like something that I feel passion about and have it like twisted or downplayed.
And I think that, in some cases, they try to do that.
I didn't think that she would rattle anybody's nerves because Asia is seven.
What does little Asian matter?
And then we went to a competition not too long ago and Maddie won and Asia was second.
- She beat a lot of those older kids.
- Wow, that's amazing.
So what does Asia bring to your studio that no other kid has?
Energy, excitement, and a whole lot of sass.
She does, I mean, I remember her from Abby's Ultimate Dance Competition.
The kid's bouncing off the walls like 24/7.
She is.
She is.
She has a tremendous work ethic.
As far as a student goes and feeding off of her energy, I love it.
All right.
Our first solo of the evening is by Asia, a talented dancer we first met on Abby's Ultimate Dance Competition.
And she's here now with a number called "Ready for War.
[MUSIC - SOULPLUSMIND, "READY FOR WAR"] Ponytail.
Check.
Sweatpants.
Check.
Earrings on.
Check.
Sneakers on.
Check.
You see I'm ready, ready for war.
Don't you forget it, 'cause I'm coming for more.
Ready, ready for war.
Don't you forget it.
Ready for war.
[MUSIC - NIKKO LOWE, "LIVING ON THE DANCE FLOOR"] My world is with my girls living on the dance floor.
Asia was crying in the dressing room the other night.
- Not because I yelled at her.
- Yeah, because you never yell at her.
I told you before, when I quit yelling your kid's name, then you should worry.
Kendall, you're chasing her.
You say one thing to that kid and, boo-hoo-hoo, she's crying to her mother.
The baby, the baby of the group.
I thought it was Mackenzie.
It's you.
Living on the dance floor.
JEFF COLLINS: Right now we've got another incredible performance by Kendall with a number called "Look at me Now.
[MUSIC - WIZARDZ OF OZ, "LOOK WHO'S KILLING NOW"] Hey spooky, toothy, supa loopy.
You're super duper bad like you're out of a movie.
You're walking around with a collection of sharp things.
Alarms rings.
He's entered the building.
Hey, killer.
I'm going to stay alive.
You can't take me.
I'll make it through the night.
When it's over, I plan on walking out.
Hey, stupid.
Hey, look who's killing now.
Now, now, now, now, now.
Look who's killing, killing, killing it now.
Look who's killing, killing, killing it now.
Look who's killing, killing, killing it now.
Look who's killing, killing, killing.
'Cause I'm killing it, killing it, killing it.
'Cause I'm killing it, killing it, killing it.
Great job, Kendall.
So Kristie Ray, let's take some questions from the audience.
At the end of the season, we saw things get really heated between you, Kristie, and Jill.
Can you tell us your side of the story?
Asia is not typically a seven-year-old who cries a lot.
She's very strong-natured, and I think that bothers them.
I know they probably say it doesn't, but I think it does because I do see the children cry a lot.
I'm thinking maybe that they're thinking I don't let Asia cry.
And then I have Jill telling another twisted story that I just didn't agree with.
Kristie Ray, let's get Jill and Kristie's version of this story.
They're here.
So Jill and Kristie, come on out.
Ladies, hello.
Have a seat.
Ooh, it's chilly.
I can already feel it.
- It feels good out here.
- Does it?
OK.
So Jill, you obviously have a problem with Kristie, right?
I really don't have a problem with Kristie or Asia.
Where the problem started was Kristie came in and said we love tough love and Asia is such a tough kid.
And good for her.
Some of our kids aren't as tough, but don't say your child can take all this when she can't.
And we saw, and she's seven.
It was late one night.
She had just gotten screamed at.
We're all new people.
She doesn't know us.
She ran into the bathroom and she broke down.
She went to the bathroom.
She shut the door in private.
Well, she was directed to go into the bathroom so no one saw her cry.
- It's not a big deal.
- Who did that, her mother?
Good job.
No, it was not her mother, because she didn't see her cry until she came down and went into the bathroom and saw her cry.
And what did Asia tell you after I told her to tell you.
Tell why she was crying.
After your discussion in the bathroom, she came out and said, I was crying because I felt sad for Nia.
But I don't believe that she was crying-- It doesn't matter.
--because I think she was tired, and tired of working and she cried.
She broke down.
Kristie, what do you think about this?
Asia being here, and Abby said it, she's seven.
I mean, I actually said to you like I really liked you.
I think that you had other things going on, to be fair, and I think that you were just sort of in a bad place.
- And then-- No no.
- What kind of place?
Well, you-- Well, no, it stemmed from it, but Jill started twisting the story.
I just said the story, how it went.
- No, but when you say that-- - There was nothing to twist.
But when you say that, Jill, yes, my daughter's seven.
- Right.
- And she's allowed to cry.
Absolutely.
But I think you have a problem because Kendall cries all the time.
I know, she wears her heart-- I don't have to hide it.
- You have to hide it.
- Why do I hide it?
Because she ran into the bathroom and you went in and said, don't tell them you were crying.
No, I did not, Jill.
My problem with all the tears is these are children who are healthy, come from good homes, they all have a mom and a dad in the house, they are getting to dance on national television week after week after week.
Why are they crying?
There's kids in Pittsburgh that don't have food to eat, that don't have a house-- - I don't think anyone-- --that don't have heat.
- I don't think-- - Those kids should be crying.
- I don't think anyone is denying that.
- Excuse me.
Those kids should be crying, not these kids that are in dancing school.
It's supposed to be artistic and graceful and fun.
I think that there's just bigger things in the world to be crying about.
Do you think we want our kids to cry?
Because you're wrong.
Of course there are bigger, better things.
You're faulting these children because they have all these things.
So what?
They're still human beings.
I don't know when crying became a crime.
When it happens four times a week.
Ease up on them.
Maybe they wouldn't cry so much.
Well, you know, what's interesting is Kristie Ray's out here, and she says that because of her background and her husband's background that she actually agrees with Abby.
Yeah.
You know what?
Kristie said herself she has another daughter who's different from Asia.
I have another daughter who's different from Chloe.
Everybody is different.
It was almost like she was saying I raised her better than you guys, but we're saying-- - Whatever.
- No, no.
That's what you heard because you must be feeling something that-- - No, don't put words in my mouth.
- You just said that.
I'm saying they're different kids than Asia.
OK, well, if they're going to cry over what Abby says to them, they're not going to make it in the world of dance, where there's more critique.
- Then you know what?
They're not.
They're not.
You can't come in be here for three weeks-- They're not.
--and know what our kids have gone through.
Well, you know, I don't have to be here for three weeks to see with my own eyes what happened in three weeks.
- I haven't heard so much complaining-- - That's just your opinion.
--and whining about someone teaching your kids and not-- What did I tell you about that?
You know what, if you don't like it, you need to leave.
No, what did I tell you about that, Kristie.
If it's that hurtful to your kids, you need to be mothers and do the right thing for your kids.
If they're crying too much, you need to pack up and leave.
Our kids cry.
I mean, Sophie cries, doesn't she?
Yeah.
I mean, there's nothing wrong with crying.
Her daughter is like well rehearsed.
She goes, I love tough love, Miss Abby.
I mean, she's so rehearsed.
It's just ridiculous.
Kristie, everybody wants to know, are you going to come back?
You know, Asia loves Abby, and it's all up to Asia.
So it's looking good.
So what do you girls think about that?
- I don't mind.
- She poses no threat to the kid.
So she's not-- you don't feel like she's-- No.
I think if Asia was 11, it might be a different story.
But she's a hot mess in the group dances.
She messes up every group dance she's in.
So why would you bring her in?
And that came from her, not me.
Because that's why she's there, to learn.
That's why I expect that she will be back, 'cause that's what you want for her.
- The longer I train her-- Doesn't matter to me.
--the more time I spend with her, the more lessons learned, the better she fits in.
- Mm-hmm.
So Jill, do you feel like in any way that if Asia does come back to this studio, that she would be taking Abby's attention that maybe Kendall might be getting?
When there's seven kids and then there's eight, that means her attention is divided eight ways instead of seven.
- So it affects all the children.
- I actually would like Asia to come back.
And I said there was a lot of kerfluffling going on with Melissa and Mackenzie, and I would love to see them compete.
I would.
And I said that to you.
I want them to come back because I think that that would be a very interesting showdown.
[MUSIC - NIKKO LOWE, "LIVING ON THE DANCE FLOOR"] My world is with my girls living on the dance floor.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Grateful that Sophia has come to Pittsburgh and joined our group.
Abby thinks she's an amazing superstar.
Right, and she's going to beat our kids every time.
Maddie, I think before Sophia was here, you hit those accents.
You just seem like a day late and a dollar short.
Maddie will never get her spot back with Sophia around.
This season, we met an incredible dancer.
She's here tonight to perform her solo called "Superstar.
Please welcome Sophia.
[MUSIC - SARAH LEICHTENBERG, "SUPRSTR"] S-U-P-R-S-T-R.
Let's party like a superstar.
S-S-U-P-R-S-T-R.
Although you are a superstar.
S-U-P-R-S-T-R.
Let's party like a superstar.
S-S-U-P-R-S-T-R.
Although you are a superstar.
Play it, Mr.
DJ.
When you play this at this club, don't forget to turn the bass up on the supersonic subs.
I'll be dancing on the floor, moving to the far floor.
When the beats about to drop, I'll be the first to make it pop, pop.
Everybody going to want to be a superstar.
But just because you have a license doesn't mean you own a car.
So grab a pen and paper 'cause you need to realize I'm on top and I won't stop because the charts don't ever lie.
S-U-P-R-S-T-R.
Let's party like a superstar.
S-S-U-P-R-S-T-R.
Oh, oh, you are a superstar.
S-U-P-R-S-T-R.
Let's party like a superstar.
S-S-U-P-R-S-T-R.
Oh, oh, you are a superstar.
S-U-P-R-S-T-R.
Let's party like a superstar.
S-S-U-P-R-S-T-R.
Let's party like a superstar.
S-U-P-R-S-T-R.
That was great, Sophia.
Thank you so much.
All right, so Melissa has joined us.
Abby, you have said that Sophia is the new Maddie.
Did you mean that?
On the Abby Lee Dance Company competition team, yes.
Maddie wasn't there.
- So how do you feel about that?
- It is what it is.
I mean, I think that Maddie has learned from Sophia and she rocked her world, just like Abby said.
It's true.
- Right?
- Oh, come on.
- WOMAN: That's right, I don't care.
Does it bother you that Sophia can out-spin Maddie?
No.
I mean, Abby doesn't spin.
- It's a turn.
But anyway-- - It's not a spin.
- We turn.
But no, because Abby has not taught Maddie how to do that yet.
I don't want my daughter in the world record for turning.
If I may, Sophia, you know, is a gift from God, like every one of these children.
And what they do with their talent is up to them, their parents, their teachers.
Kudos for that.
Does everybody need to do that now to copy that?
No, do your own thing.
Be your own person.
So how do you feel about her mom, Jackie?
I love her.
- How did she fit in with the group?
- Who cares?
- I thought she was fabulous.
- She left our group dance.
She didn't show up one morning.
I just can't be a hypocrite like the wicked witch from the West.
Oh, who's calling the kettle black here?
You know, I want to train the kids.
I feel that Asia is at our studio now training.
If Sophia wanted that, Sophia would get that.
OK.
So let's talk to Sophia's mom right now.
Please welcome Jackie.
Jackie, come on out.
Wow.
Hi, how are you?
- Hello.
- It's good to see you.
- How are you?
- It's really good to have you.
Have a seat.
- Thank you.
- So Jackie, welcome to the group.
- Thanks.
So listen, there's a rumor going around that didn't Melissa and Kelly run you off the team?
I think that for me as a mom, I don't want my daughter growing up and thinking that the behavior that I saw, the fighting, the screaming, the putting down, the yelling between each other-- I don't like that.
And dance isn't about that for me.
It's an art.
And for my daughters, this is her passion, and I don't want her to have these experiences where it's negative.
All right, I need out there because I want to ask that woman why I wouldn't have taken her off of this team?
I was nothing but nice to that woman.
It's my job as a mom to protect her, and I think that was my main concern for staying on the team.
I just want our kids to be seen in a good light.
I don't want people to think that it's all about the screaming and yelling.
When they see our kids, I want them to see what great kids they are and not-- I think people do see what great kids they are.
--and not us moms.
I'm really appalled at how you started out the situation, because Maddie was with me last night when I taught a master class.
I have made your kid's name a household name.
I agree with that.
If she was running around the dance competitions in Pittsburgh, she wouldn't be a household name.
- I agree with you.
- She'd be a competition kid.
I think that you have made my kids what they are.
- Don't back-paddle, Melissa.
- But you have.
Don't back-paddle.
Let Melissa fight her own battles, right?
It drives me crazy.
I mean, somebody is always fighting Melissa's battles for her.
Like you're the total antithesis of Asia and her mom.
I mean, really, think about it.
Like she's here specifically to learn from Abby, to get her name out there.
The thing that I was going to say to you is that she also believes that she doesn't want Asia to peak too soon.
I agree with that.
By making everything so rosy and not having any drama.
Well, Sophia gets critiques all the time.
Sophia doesn't always win, you guys.
Like, I know that that may be, like, what everybody thinks.
But when she doesn't, it actually lights a fire under her butt.
She's like, you know what?
I'm going to work hard because I can do that.
Jackie, do you think you'll regret leaving?
No, I hope I don't regret it.
This is about my daughter, not about me.
I know this sounds crazy to everybody, but there's just a little tiny bit of me in Sophia.
And I'm not talking about the turns or the talent.
It's that like moxie.
She told me that, at her studio back in California, that she assists with the little preschool classes.
She said, and I'm really mean.
I can even make them cry.
And I said, oh, my God.
It's mini me.
I love this kid.
God, she takes credit for everything, doesn't she?
Maybe Abby's God and we just don't know it.
- What do you think, Holly?
- She has told me that.
Does she kind of resemble-- does she resemble those pictures in the Bible?
No.
No.
Abby and I got into it about that.
Let's take some questions from the audience.
Who has a question?
Hi, Jackie.
Do you feel like you think that Sophia can out-dance Maddie?
I don't think that Sophia and Maddie should ever be compared to one another.
It's kind of sad because I think America would like to see them go against each other, but somebody's always going to win and somebody's always going to lose.
It's the Abby Lee Dance Company.
In the end, I make the decisions.
However, I want a strong team.
So I think with both of them on the same team, that's going to be one strong team.
- Mm-hmm.
And then you'd have to fight the other dancers that match that talent, or I have to create them.
[MUSIC - NIKKO LOWE, "LIVING ON THE DANCE FLOOR"] My world is with my girls living on the dance floor.
- Any word from Sophia's mom?
- She won't answer anybody's call.
- Sophia is not here.
- I don't know where she is.
It's about time you got back here.
What are you-- did you just hear that?
Welcome to the avalanche.
Sophia will be doing a solo, so Maddie or Kendall might not be doing a solo.
Now a performance that won first place in Greensboro, North Carolina.
It's Mackenzie and a number called "Lemonade.
L-E-M-O-N-A-D-E.
L-E-M-O-N-A-D-E.
She's sweet as lemonade.
Bright as a sunny day.
She's sweet as lemonade.
Bright as a sunny day.
She's sweet as lemonade.
Bright as a sunny day.
She's sweet as lemonade.
Bright as a sunny day.
L-E-M-O-N-A-D-E.
She's sweet as lemonade.
Great job, Mackenzie.
Abby's backstage.
I'm here with the women of "Dance Moms.
So Kelly and Holly, I want to start with you.
You guys were backstage when Jackie and Kristie Ray were out here.
I have invested a lot of time in Abby's studio with my daughter.
And having two moms come in, I don't know them.
There's nothing against them personally.
They look to be lovely people.
But to have Abby talk so negatively about us, we've been loyal customers and our children are products of her teaching, and it's insulting.
Why do you stay?
Mia has improved and she continues to improve, and that's why I stay.
Mia likes Abby.
She loves her team.
That's why I stay.
And Abby challenges them every week with new choreography.
I think, too, you have to understand we were a group of moms who've been together for a long time.
And I really believe that we all deserve to be here.
You know, where were you guys three years ago?
- This isn't about me.
- You're here now.
So what changed your mind?
I wanted to see what it was like and here I am.
So.
Well, I have a bone to pick about that.
You had said that you thought that Melissa and I had like pushed Sophia and Jackie out of the studio.
I was nothing but nice to you.
As a matter of fact, everybody said I was dropping Kristie as a friend for you.
You were very nice to me.
But you're saying to people that I made you leave the studio.
And I remember that day.
I didn't say to anybody that you made me leave.
I left on my own free will.
Let's find out what kind of questions the audience has for you.
Who has a question in the audience?
Hi.
So my question is this season it seems like Cathy has kind of dominated the competitions.
Are you worried about the future competitions?
Cathy's team, those boys are much older than our girls, and they're different dancers and they're teenagers, and it's like comparing apples and oranges.
I don't even think that it's that they're older.
These girls came to Abby's studio at two years old and danced from then till now.
And if we win or lose as a team, who cares?
We're a team.
We didn't handpick our team.
We are who we grew up with and who we were taught with, and that's what counts.
Well, since all of you have something to say about Cathy, Cathy, come on out.
Here she comes.
Hello, madame.
How are you?
have a seat.
- Cathy, you've been doing really well.
- Very well.
And it's rubbing some people the wrong way.
Oh, yes it is, lots of people.
What's your strategy?
You know, it's a happy environment.
The boys are very, very happy.
They don't get yelled at.
So that says something in itself, you can produce without screaming and yelling.
So if you could have any dancer, who would it be?
I know exactly who it would be, and it's probably going to shock her pantyhose right off of her, although she doesn't have pantyhose.
Ew, and she didn't shave, either.
I have laser hair removal.
Well, anyhow, it's not working for you, babe.
You got stubble.
Anyhow, I would choose Chloe.
Would you dress her up in a meat suit?
No, I wouldn't.
I would choose Chloe because I know that Abby would love to get rid of her.
She doesn't realize that she's got a little hidden pearl.
Thank you, Cathy.
That's actually nice of you.
I appreciate it.
And if Chloe would come to my studio, Kristie would probably have a good time bantering back and forth with me, but she would see that Chloe-- Let's not get crazy.
--was treated nicely.
I don't know.
I mean, this is her team.
I'm not willing to just walk away from a team.
Talk to me at some point.
Well, no wait a minute.
He asked me a question.
- I know.
- Figuratively speaking, who it would be.
- Yes.
- I'm not giving you a proposal.
I'm not taking it as a proposal.
OK, good.
I'm saying even just thinking of that, because Jeff just alluded to that, I'm saying I don't think Chloe would walk away from her team.
Well, at some point, you're going to get to the point where the straw breaks the camel's back.
So you know that that's my thoughts and it's not a proposal, but I think it was very nice and noble of me to say that about her because I think she's a nice little girl.
- Oh, Cathy, you are nice and noble.
Thank you.
Let's go to the audience and find out who has a question for you guys.
Cathy, I was wondering, if you would have any of these moms babysit little Vivi, which one would you not pick to babysit?
I would not pick Kristie.
- I would not-- - Vivi would have fun with me.
I would not pick Kelly.
I would definitely not pick Jill because I just don't like her.
I would probably pick Holly or Melissa.
All right, who else in the audience has a question for Cathy or one of the moms?
Cathy, I've heard that your favorite show is "Downtown Abbey," so I'd like to know which character you think fits you best and which character fits Abby best?
I think that I'm a little bit like Mary.
And I don't think that there is a car-- I said a car.
I don't think that there is anybody like Abby, other than the car that drives around in a circle to pick up the people.
She doesn't have the class for that show, in my opinion.
All right, so thanks, ladies.
And thank you, Kristie Ray and Jackie for your honesty.
After the break, Abby returns, plus there's one more incredible group number by the girls.
Living on the dance floor.
You look like you were, you know, about to hit the wing, so it shows on your face.
- Uh-uh.
You're not her dance teacher.
Don't rip on my daughter.
- She does it enough.
- Well, I pay her.
Maybe you should get a refund because those knees were bent.
- She missed many a steps.
- All right, look.
This is a dance competition.
I've had it.
I hope you're happy.
Now my kid's leaving.
Don't you touch me.
As you can see, Abby's joined us.
So Abby, Cathy says that when you go to the competitions that, lately, you completely ignore her, that you won't even look at her.
She just really doesn't exist in my world anymore.
She me.
I think that Abby is acting ridiculous over what happened, and I think that the way that she's carrying on about this is more than the swat with the handbag.
Abby is upset because somebody now is maybe interfering with her thunder.
And you know, you have a lot of thunder to give, and I'm not saying that nasty because you're a large woman.
I'm saying that because you have a great team.
But you are carrying on like a brat.
We've known each other for a very long time.
I'm an only child.
I am a spoiled brat.
Well, you know, when I'm an only child, too, though, Abby.
Yeah.
Look at your poor, pathetic mother out there.
You disgraced her.
- Did you just call my mother pathetic?
- Yes.
Poor, pathetic.
She's a disgrace.
- Oh, my God.
I'll tell you what, Abby.
\You really know how to win friends and influence people.
You know what, Cathy?
Crap like you should be shoved down a toilet.
That's it.
Abby, before this show came about, we competed three times against you, and two of those three times we beat you.
So that's how crappy I am.
I had an eight-year-old beat your 12-year-old for a grand national title in New York City.
Time out.
- There's no time out, Abby.
- Cathy, Cathy.
- Abby.
- You're paddling upstream, sweetheart.
- It's over.
It's over.
- No.
Look at your own kid.
- Yeah, don't start on my kid, Abby.
- Oh, yes.
Because you are so obsessed with her you can't see straight.
Look at how Mackenzie's improved.
I don't think Mackenzie's improved that much.
I watched her last week in her dance.
Her bent knees, and she could barely do the choreography.
It takes a lot more courage to get on that stage and dance with bent knees-- You out of control, Abby.
--and unpointed feet than to sit in the audience and watch.
You know what?
Time out.
This argument is between Abby and I.
No, because it's my kid you're talking about.
I'm not talking about your kid.
You're talking about my kid.
No, no, no, no.
This gets a little ridiculous.
I was not even talking.
She was conversing with Anthony, and all of a sudden-- But he was your choreographer so you are responsible for her.
Honey, I didn't stick my hand up his and make him a ventriloquist and make him talk.
Well, maybe because you say I do that to Melissa.
I didn't do it to him.
He can talk how he wants.
And if your kid is always behind in rehearsals or in the dance, then you should talk to her, because obviously she doesn't know how to coach.
I think that all of you ladies are very, very tacky.
- Time out.
Time out.
In front of an audience of 300 people.
But your kids are up on stage dancing.
The only child on this team that did not dance today was Paige.
- And that's my fault?
- Because she was humiliated-- Oh, please, Kelly.
Oh, please.
- --three days ago-- --from you and your choreographer, and that's why she didn't dance today.
She probably didn't dance today because Abby doesn't give her any choreography.
No.
Paige didn't want to go on stage because she's a horrible dancer because that's all everybody tells her.
How about starting with your own teacher?
Yes, including Abby, including you, including your choreographer, and that's wrong to do to a 12-year-old.
- You problem is standing over there.
She's fabulous.
And she might not be as good as Sophia or Asia or Maddie, but you know what?
She's fabulous to me.
Kristie, did you know that Paige decided not to dance today-- - I did.
-- because she's in a bad space?
Yeah, but you know, that's Kelly's decision.
It was not my decision to pull Paige's dance.
Paige asked me to pull her dance.
You don't get better sitting on your butt.
When you called Paige over to hear Cathy's choreographers' critique, do you regret doing that?
- No, absolutely not.
Paige was a hero.
I thought once they realized that they had crossed the line, that they were hurting feelings, that it was none of their business-- Oh, and you never hurt feelings?
You just called my mother pathetic.
--and that she's a grown woman, she's an adult.
It doesn't matter.
You just disrespected your elder.
I don't care.
She's nothing to me, and neither are you.
Well, you're nothing to me, either, Abby, but a big blob.
So go.
If you guys want me out, Abby, do your magic.
Do your magic.
- Poof, be gone.
- It's not working, wicked witch.
- All right, ladies.
I know it got a little heated out here.
Thank you so much for sharing your honest opinions.
Right now we're going to take a look at our very final performance of the evening, and this one's about Rosa Parks.
Take it away, girls.
One bus leads to another bus, leads to another bus, leads to another bus, leads to a train.
Is she fighting?
Is she riding?
One thing leaves my eyes.
Is she fighting?
Is she riding?
One thing leaves my eyes.
One bus leads to another bus, leads to another bus, leads to another bus, leads to a train.
Is she fighting?
Is she riding?
One thing leaves my eyes.
One day I was another shade.
I was another shade.
I was the one awake.
She was the one.
Great job, ladies.
What an exciting season it's been, and there's a lot more "Dance Moms" right around the corner.
I can't wait to see what's coming up next.
So thank you, girls.
Thank you, Abby.
And thanks to all the moms and Cathy for an incredible season.
And you guys at home, thank you.
And good night.
- Good night!
That was good.
