ABBY LEE MILLER : Previously, on Dance Moms.
I have been officially invited to be on The View.
I am going to have the competition team perform The Last Text.
My foot doesn't hurt anymore.
-- only score that received an absolute perfect entry, 124A.
Anybody have a broom for the clean sweep?
MOM: Mackenzie's injured, right?
She was, you saw her crying.
I want to know where the miracle came from.
Why don't you call the doctor and ask him?
ABBY LEE MILLER : Coming up on Dance Moms.
Here we are, New York City.
Thank you for letting me on the team.
MELISSA GISONI: What do I have to do to get Mackenzie to dance again?
I really think that she needs to go on The View.
We are holding an open audition for a contemporary dancer.
I danced with Mariah Carey.
Wow.
KRISTIE RAY: Who's going to be in the dance?
ABBY LEE MILLER: I'm not sure yet.
MELISSA GISONI: I have to fight for my daughter.
Let it die.
This is my decision.
[THEME - NIKKO LOWE, "LIVING ON THE DANCE FLOOR"] THEME SONG: Get up, get on the floor.
My world is with my girls.
Living on the dance floor.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Something really exciting has happened.
I have been called and asked to co-host The View.
Sitting next to Whoopi Goldberg.
This is crazy!
And I'm really excited about it.
The kids are coming along.
All right, here we are, New York City.
Remember, if you can make it here, you can make it anywhere.
This week, we will be attending the Masters of Dance competition, and it's going to be tough.
This is our first time showing up.
We will be the underdog.
And Cathy, who we thought would be in Ohio, she's here in New York City.
Last time she beat you, it was bad.
A perfect score?
That doesn't happen too often.
She wants to do it again.
You going to let it happen?
Now, let's get to the pyramid.
On the bottom, Mackenzie.
You don't dance, there's nothing to critique.
And next, Nia and Asia.
That wasn't a duet, it wasn't partners working together.
It was you double-timing everything, and it was you trying to keep up.
And next I have Brooke.
You do that side aerial to one knee, you're the first face that comes forward.
ABBY LEE MILLER: You need to lock eyes with one of those judges.
You need to draw them in and tell them that story.
All we saw was the top of your head.
And moving up, Paige.
Paige, you didn't draw my focus.
Not in a good way, not in a bad way.
I think that's a good thing.
And next, Kendall.
Kendall, you've had a good run lately.
This week, you flew under the radar.
JILL VERTES: I'll take it any day.
Kendall's third on the pyramid, I think it's great.
I think that's close to where she belongs.
And next, Maddie.
Last week, there was 11 points between you and the next contestant.
This week, there was one.
You did not have your head in the game.
Wake up.
Taking a bite out of the Big Apple, is Chloe.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: This is the first time Chloe's been at the top of the pyramid this entire competition season.
So it really goes to show that she's back in the game, and you can't count Chloe out.
You stayed on your music Chloe, you remembered the choreography, you applied the corrections, you were beautiful.
Thank you.
ABBY LEE MILLER: So this week at the Masters of Dance, everybody is in the group routine.
Asia, you're certainly better on stage alone.
You will be performing a solo.
I have another solo going to Chloe.
Maddie, you will also be doing a solo.
I have one more routine to give out.
One more solo.
My last and final routine is going to Kendall.
Now Jill, you can run along to Henri Bendal and buy me a gift.
OK.
We have a lot of choreography to get through, but first things first.
We need to work on The Last Text for The View.
I've arranged for the kids to perform on The View, and we're going to do our award-winning number from the National Finals, The Last Text.
And Asia, you will be doing The Last Text.
MELISSA GISONI: Mackenzie's been in the dance since the get go.
I mean and she's fine, you know?
She hasn't been dancing.
And I would like her to be in it.
Which, that's just it, she hasn't been dancing.
Yeah, but I would like her to be in it.
She's part of this team and she's been here since she's three years old.
I think you should give her a chance.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Melissa, I need you to let me work, understand?
I think Mackenzie should be dancing on The View, for sure.
She's been a part of this team since the beginning.
And Asia just came.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Come on, let's move over here.
I want this to be on your mind first, but you know it.
So we're just going to review it and you all had some corrections, that's we're going to do.
Mackenzie was originally in The Last Text, but now I have Asia.
I really don't know what's going on with Mackenzie's foot.
Melissa is the one that said Mackenzie was hurt, Mackenzie's crying, Mackenzie's in pain, we went to a doctor.
Blah blah blah blah blah.
And now we're here in New York City and the kids have a chance to be on The View, suddenly her foot's fine and Melissa's back-pedalling again.
Somebody's has to hold Melissa accountable for her words, and it's going to be me.
You don't want to hit your grand jete behind Kendall.
Really straighten those knees on that back handspring.
There wasn't enough energy in that arm.
It's like-- you can't put your head on the floor, Paige.
Melissa, who do you-- what do you think is going to go on with The Last Text?
Do you think that Asia's doing it, or do you think she's going to put Kenzie in it?
MELISSA GISONI: I would assume that Asia's in it.
I don't know.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: I think at this point, I think it's Asia.
I'm going to talk to Abby about it.
- JILL VERTES: You did or-- - I'm going to.
Absolutely.
I'm not going to let my daughter just be here and not do anything.
It's not right.
That little girl has been dragged around for the last three weeks, ready to dance, and she's not allowed.
I'm totally backing Melissa.
Mackenzie feels better, Mackenzie was in the dance, it's Mackenzie's spot.
It's a no-brainer.
Asia's just practicing really hard so-- MELISSA GISONI: Why can't they both be in the group?
Well, I don't know, you have to ask Abby.
That's Abby's call, it's not my call.
It's not the Asia's call, so-- JILL VERTES: So you understand, this was our national winning number, why Mackenzie should be in it and not Asia?
Have her add Kenzie to the group.
Mackenzie has put her time in.
KRISTI RAY: But I'm not going to sit there and go, Asia go, tell Abby.
No.
Whoever Abby picks, I'm fine with.
But I do think that if Mackenzie is really hurt, that she shouldn't just be automatically OK because we we're going on The View.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Mackenzie, come here.
I don't understand why your mom is letting Asia walk in and take over.
She's had all this and all that, and everyone's loving her, and they're going to forget about you.
And your mom's just sitting out there letting this woman come from California, and take over everything.
Try to be overstretching your splits, do something while you're in here.
All right, now listen to me.
This is a very important opportunity for your dance teacher.
This is national television.
This is The View, and I'm co-hosting it for the entire hour episode.
I'm nervous.
I am.
I'm going to count on you being respectful, being well-behaved, being perfect young ladies.
Acting like you are professional, trained dancers.
Understood?
All right.
We do have a great number, it's a very competitive week.
It's really important, especially if it's such a-- The boys scored a perfect score last time.
What if she is a co-host with Abby?
Abby will freak.
I would love it if Cathy was a co-host on The View with Abby.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Moms and dads, come on in.
Welcome to the Big Apple.
First of all, I want to tell you boys, thank you so much for our clean sweep.
You were awesome.
Awesome.
So, I was very upset with Abby's demeanor and behavior towards me.
ABBY LEE MILLER: You never produced anything.
She is dirt under my feet.
She also said that I was a joke, a hack job, I don't have a nice studio.
She has to lose again.
My team is going to be competing at a competition, and I know that the Abby Lee Dance Company is going to be here.
So, we are here in pursuit of another win against Abby.
So first we have Nick.
Nick, you were spectacular.
I mean, there wasn't a dry eye at the competition.
- You were fabulous.
- NICK DANIELS: Thank you.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Next we have Jalen.
You're in the middle, right where you need to be, in between the two tall towers.
And then we have Brandon.
And at the top of the pyramid is Zack.
And Zack, you are there because you were top soloist.
And you are going to have a solo again this week.
OK.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: I have brought back Anthony Burrell as our guest choreographer.
I think he's going to show us some stuff this week that is more what Anthony has a passion for.
- Absolutely.
- Yeah, CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: So we are going to do a contemporary group.
We are holding an open audition here today for a contemporary dancer.
The dance that Anthony has choreographed and has visioned is going to require a girl.
And our team is all boys.
So we're coming into New York City and we're going to hold an open audition and look for a new dancer.
So I hope that everybody's happy and pleased with what is going on, because I know that I am.
MELISSA GISONI: Kenzie, come here.
So what did Miss Abby say to you?
But, what did you say?
I'm an eight-year-old kid, what am I supposed to do?
MELISSA GISONI: OK, but what am I supposed to do about it Kenzie?
I'm going to talk to Miss Abby about it, because it's ridiculous.
You're a team member, you're fine, you need to be in this dance.
I have to convince Abby to let Mackenzie dance.
I'm not allowing this new Kristie to come in and just take over.
Ab, what do I have to do to get Mackenzie to dance again?
I've been very dedicated to you, I would do anything you asked.
ABBY LEE MILLER: This isn't about you.
I really have to teach her the solo.
This is about Mackenzie.
I want her to dance and she wants to dance, Ab.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Asia, come on.
What do I have to do to get Mackenzie to dance again?
I mean, I really think that she needs to go on The View.
I just feel like you're replacing Mackenzie and you don't want her anymore, in the group anymore.
And she really wants to dance, so bad.
And I've been very dedicated to you, I would do anything you ask me to do.
ABBY LEE MILLER: This isn't about you.
She just dances like a little kid.
MELISSA GISONI: She's eight.
I gave her one older routine this season, and she forgot it and stood on stage.
I think she draws eyes, I think she's too short.
MELISSA GISONI: Asia's just as small.
ABBY LEE MILLER: I know, but she wants it.
Her mother wants it MELISSA GISONI: Mackenzie wants it too.
This is what this is about Mackenzie.
I want her to dance, and she wants to dance, Ab.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Asia, come on.
MELISSA GISONI: I'm definitely frustrated, because Abby's like, nope, Asia's here, she's going to dance.
Abby has always told me that she wants my kids to stay as cute as long as they can.
I don't want my daughter to be sassy on stage at age eight.
Not at all.
What?
What happened?
Did you have the courage to say something?
MELISSA GISONI: I said to Abby, I said Mackenzie wants to dance.
She wants to dance.
She says, well, you know, Mackenzie's too short.
I said Asia's the same size as Mackenzie.
KELLY HYLAND: So what was the outcome of the conversation?
MELISSA GISONI: She said Asia wants it more than Mackenzie.
I'm like, OK.
She said you want more from Asia.
What am I here every freaking day-- OK, but Melissa, now you're getting mad because she's saying that about Asia.
But whenever she says to me, Maddie wants it more than your kids, you two look at me and say I'm jealous.
So like how do you like it?
It's hard for me that a stranger comes in-- KELLY HYLAND: Yeah it's hard for us too.
That's the same thing.
But you have to also respect what they're feeling every week.
It's hard to see my eight-year-old not dance.
I'm fully on Christi and Kelly's side.
JILL VERTES: Well, Of course you are, because you want Asia in the number.
KRISTI RAY: It has nothing to do about that.
If it was me, I'd put agent Kenzie head to head.
Toe to toe.
So there's nothing for me to prove.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Come on, let's go!
For 7.
You are auditioning for Candy Apples Dance Center.
Do you know who Candy Apples Dance Center is?
Yes.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: So let me tell you something girls, you have to be stellar.
I'm the artistic director of Candy Apples Dance Center, and this is Vivi.
And she's going to be checking you out as far as stage presence.
She has to be dazzled.
So just go ahead and give me your name, please.
Hi I'm Kayley.
Hi, I'm Caroline and I'm nine.
Hello, I'm Maddie.
And I don't know if we want another Maddie.
You might get nixed just because of the name.
Sorry.
Well, let's go.
Anthony, they're all yours.
ANTHONY BURRELL: All right, spread out ladies.
You're going to reach out your hands, one, drop two.
Fan kick six.
But bend your knees.
Five, six, seven and ah.
Let's go, let's move on.
Let's get another group in here, we got to see what we got.
My name's Elena.
My name is Freya.
Hi, I'm Hannah and I'm 12.
What's your name, Had?
Hannah.
Oh, Hannah!
Drop your back, heads to the floor.
I was on the Katie Couric show.
I made it into ABT.
I danced with Mariah Carey.
Wow.
You have to be bigger than life, OK?
- Next group?
- CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Next group.
Stop.
Did you guys bring your resumes?
Yeah.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: I love that.
ANTHONY BURRELL: Where's the face, the emotion?
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: The technique that we're looking for, I'm not really seeing with you guys.
Nothing in that group.
ANTHONY BURRELL: Don't be yourself, be beautiful.
She was good but she wasn't like, knocked me off my seat.
OK, so guys, thank you so much for coming today.
ANTHONY BURRELL: Great job though, ladies.
Great job.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Very nice job.
This is hard work auditioning people, isn't it?
- I'm hungry.
- You're hungry also?
I asked for chocolate, and we didn't get any.
Vivi like my little buddy and I trust her because Vivi has a really good insight.
How's your eyes?
Are they burning?
Yeah, I don't know why.
I don't either.
Hi there.
You are a dancer.
Yeah.
Yeah, OK.
Real quickly, what I'd like to know is your name and your age.
Charles, I'm 10.
Are you sure you dance?
Yeah.
What type of dance do you do?
I like to express myself while I dance.
Sometimes when I get mad, I just dance and just it calms me down.
Very good.
OK.
All right, let's go.
ANTHONY BURRELL: Dance, go.
Let me see who you are.
Yes, let go, let go, be free, be free.
Express yourself.
Go in guys, I'm not seeing enough.
I need face.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: OK guys.
OK.
OK.
ANTHONY BURRELL: That was inspiring man.
- Thank you.
- Thank you.
Never give up dancing, OK?
From a male dancer to another.
You have something special and keep working hard, OK?
Are you the only boy that's out there?
- Please tell me no.
- Yes.
I said please tell me no.
KRISTI RAY: Asia, come here, come over here.
This is for Abby for letting you go on The View with the team, because you're new here.
And for her to pick you to go on the team, it's very important that you show her appreciation.
And I want you to sign this and want you to take it in there and show your appreciation for letting you, OK?
OK, go on.
- ABBY LEE MILLER: What's that?
- KELLY HYLAND: What's this?
What's she doing?
It's a thank you card for letting me be on the team.
Oh!
"They had written thank you cards, but this one fit my gratitude better.
Thank you.
KELLY HYLAND: Maybe you should have Kenzie give her one, saying, "Please let me go.
JILL VERTES: It's a big pink elephant on the front of the card.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: There is a pink elephant in the room.
For once it's not Abby.
Thank you for letting me be on The View with the other girls.
I appreciate this.
Very nice, sweetheart, thank you.
It was a very thoughtful gift, and I really appreciate the time and the energy that she put into that gift.
I still haven't decided who is going to be in the number and who isn't.
The jury is still out, you might be in, you might not be in.
All right, you have a solo because we need the points.
You're in the mini division and you need to win.
Let's go.
Asia has an amazing solo this week, it's called the robot.
And it's going to be hard to keep her a little stiff, but we're going to try.
Ball change, glissade, jete.
Hurry up!
Your foot sickled.
All one motion.
Now you're going to push away on your left foot.
No.
Your other left foot.
What part do I come up and hold like this part?
ABBY LEE MILLER: It's just like one, two.
JILL VERTES: I was actually surprised Asia's doing a solo.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: I think it would be smarter if she would have had Brooke do a solo.
You could have had solos in an older age category, the middle age category, and the younger.
How long has it been since my kids have had a solo?
Like, they don't expect to get a solo anymore.
JILL VERTES: But I heard you say you don't-- I don't care.
I don't care anymore.
You know what, when I'm in New York, I'm going to go and do things on my own, without Abby.
Because obviously, Abbey really could give a about my two kids.
Asia has been on our team for how many weeks, and she's had how many duets and solos?
And that right there tells you.
Do it myself.
Are you going to try to do the modeling thing for Paige?
I would love to, yes.
Because isn't that a big agencies-- CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Preach, sister, preach.
I'm going to play the momager role this week.
I'm in New York City, neither one of my kids have a solo.
I'm going to take them out, and I'm going to do things for them to get them ahead.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Vivi, what do you think about that last group?
No I don't really like them that much.
They were terrible.
I know.
I mean, the little girl in the mint, she's borderline.
And I liked Maddie, only because she's experienced.
And she's had, she had good ballet training.
You could tell just by the way she held herself.
- Yeah.
- What do you think about the 12-year-old?
I think she's too big for the guys, like mass-wise.
She's very mature looking.
I like that one that's 10 better than her.
I mean, she has the facility and information, but I think with her instrument, it's enough.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: The three boys that are going to be doing the group dance all have such wonderful qualities.
So I'm looking for another team player that's just going to fit right in with these boys.
That's going to gel immediately.
So, guys, you are the finalists, which in itself, that was a big win, OK?
Charles, step forward please.
You are like very inspirational.
I want to tell you to keep up the good work, because the boys are few and far between.
I got chills right now, because I know being who you are, a young little boy, you get teased and called names for doing what you do.
And I was once this little kid.
Wherever this leads today, continue.
Continue man.
You did-- all did an awesome job, but we both have decided upon number-- All right guys, in a straight line please.
You did-- all did an awesome job, but we both have decided upon number, number 80516.
Victoria!
It was a hard decision.
Victoria comes from Studio Larken, and they have a fabulous reputation.
Not only that, I think that Abby has seen them before and it's going to be kind of fun if she recognizes Victoria, and now Victoria's on our team.
ANTHONY BURRELL: All of you are very talented.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: You're very talented.
- Thank you.
- Congratulations!
ABBY LEE MILLER: Come on girls, let's go!
Five, six, seven, eight.
Step, fan, behind, push, back black isn't high enough.
The group dance this week is called runaways.
They end up all alone and on the streets.
It's a topic that needs attention.
So if you think it's bad at home, believe me it's much worse to be cold and hungry and alone on the streets.
Brooke, you're still bending your knee every time you fan.
It's like you're walking through mud or water.
Push, push.
Imagine trying to get down the sidewalk in New York City, and all these people are rushing towards you.
Push them out of the way, use your elbows.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: I'm really worried about the theme.
It is a relevant topic.
I think it's going to be like The Last Text, where it's like sending a message.
Like, don't text and drive.
Like that's sending a good message.
Like I don't see it as being negative.
But I think it's one of those opportunities that's a great way to raise awareness and educate, if it's done tastefully.
I always think those are the numbers that do well.
MELISSA GISONI: Like the children dance.
And I think that was freaky when she explained to them.
KELLY HYLAND: It was one of their best numbers they ever did.
It was.
Paige, Brooke, you forgot what to do.
You forgot what to do again.
Now, I saw mistakes in the group routine.
I saw a lot of mistakes.
The girls just don't look clean, they don't look sharp, they don't look tight.
They need to win.
We need to go out there and beat Cathy's boys.
Girls, get it together.
You need to step on stage, and you need to beat her.
All right, that's it.
Wrap them.
Done.
I can't look at them anymore.
I am not reviewing one step.
If you come in here and you do something wrong, or you forgot something, eeh.
Do something for yourself.
The whole world does not hand you your life on a silver platter.
Figure it out.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Let's go.
Let's go get some cheesecake.
- So, you're having fun?
- Yep Ready for some cheesecake?
- WAITER: Hi ladies, how are you?
- Hi.
Good.
Good afternoon.
Welcome to Juniors.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: We're actually here for dessert.
I want one with raspberry in it.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: I'll just have a plain one of those, then.
- OK, thank you.
- Thank you, ladies.
All right.
And I want to tell you what, I need this break.
Do you like the way we have to get around New York?
No.
It's hard to get a taxi, and then when you have to walk, your feet start to hurt.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Yeah.
What's your favorite thing so far about New York?
Probably the shopping and stuff like-- Really?
The shopping?
Oh honey, mommy's teaching you so well.
- And I like the pizza.
- I think you've had how many pieces?
About like five already.
So, what do you think of Victoria?
I think she's nice.
Is she nice?
Have you guys had a moment to talk?
No, not really, but she seems like she's probably nice.
I haven't really got to see your dance again that much.
She's cute, huh?
Yes she's a cute little girl.
Why do you keep making rabbit noses at me?
Because my nose is stuffed up, because I a cold.
Wipe it off.
Go straight down.
I know, I know, I know how to do that, yeah.
WAITER: Ladies, your dessert is here.
- Thank you so much.
- You're welcome.
So, why do you think that you and Jalen are so close?
I don't know.
Do you think that he's cute?
You don't think Jalen is cute?
Like you wouldn't consider him like a boyfriend?
Just a friend?
I don't think it would hurt if you admitted that you think Jalen's pretty cute.
Don't you like his swag?
Do you like his dad swag?
Well, I think he's pretty doggone cute.
I think that you guys make a cute couple.
Oh!
Look at that- This is so exciting!
ABBY LEE MILLER: It's the morning of The View, and I was a little bit nervous before I got here, but now that I'm here at the studio, I just can't wait to get out there.
OK, is that good girls?
You want to check it out?
Check it out.
All right guys, places.
I need you not to pay attention to anything that's going on, but to me.
The girls are going to perform The Last Text.
Putting choreography on live TV is difficult.
We start out rehearsing the girls, all the cameramen are there, all the sound guys.
They're watching the girls.
They're serious about their jobs.
And I love being here with all this professionalism.
Five, six, seven and Asia.
Did you see where you are?
Are you in line with that first pole?
Yes.
You came too far downstage.
You know what, Asia, come out of there.
You go in, right now, so she can see what you do.
I am swapping Asia and Mackenzie out, in and out, in and out, because I want to see who's going to actually perform.
All right, Mackenzie, what happened?
I give you the opportunity to practice it, I want to use Asia, and now you do a cartwheel, you stop, then you move forward and do a back handspring.
What was going on?
ABBY LEE MILLER: Thought you were going to fall off the stage?
I really want Mackenzie to do it because she was part of the original award winning number, but Melissa has to learn that she doesn't get her cake and eat it too.
And Asia is just raring to go.
Bigger, Paige.
When it gets hit, when the car hits the impact, you need to levitate out of that car.
Like if you-- if the seat that would be holding you in, you need to boom.
It's bigger, like that your butt up out of the seat almost.
Go.
Paige, you're doing this.
The wheels there.
Don't, don't.
Bigger, sharper.
I'm embarrassed as a teacher.
I'm sitting over here and it's like I'm humiliated.
I mean, come on.
This is The View.
All right, let's go guys.
KRISTI RAY: Asia's fine, but she did practice it, but you keep going back and forth with Abby about getting Kenzie in the dance, and-- MELISSA GISONI: Yeah, I should.
I'm sticking up for my kid.
KRISTI RAY: But I'm sticking up for mine too.
That's fine.
KRISTI RAY: Because she's mature enough to understand, but also it keeps being an issue in her face.
And then you have Jill chiming in and everyone chiming in.
That is what's not fair.
I have Melissa here crying about Mackenzie going on.
Asia is fine with whatever, but let's just get it over with, and let's just say who's going on stage, so I don't have the peanut gallery here in the corner talking madness on Asia.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Didn't you already talk to Abby?
MELISSA GISONI: At the studio.
Because you were really upset, and now you're like kind of-- MELISSA GISONI: I'm ti-ti-ti-ti-di.
I'm still upset.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: No, you're not.
I'm not going to do it in front-- my kids are here, Christi, and we're on The View.
So we're happy to be on The View, OK?
If Mackenzie is not it, Mackenzie is not in it.
No, but I think that you know-- I want Mackenzie- I do not know.
- CHRISTI LUKASIAK: I think you know.
- No I don't.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: I think you do know, Melissa.
- MELISSA GISONI: I don't know.
- Why don't you ever just like-- MELISSA GISONI: Because I don't know that Mackenzie is in it or not.
I want her in it.
She's been on this team for years.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: No, nobody's saying that.
What I'm calling you out on is the fact that you always do stuff behind everybody's back.
MELISSA GISONI: Oh, OK.
You do, you do.
She doesn't know, and neither do I.
That's what-- KRISTI RAY: I just wish that you would stop going, OK, Abby is Mackenzie-- - MELISSA GISONI: Why?
- Because she's my daughter.
I have to fight for my daughter.
KRISTI RAY: It's like this whole big charade about this foot, all I keep hearing is about this foot, and I'm like OK-- MELISSA GISONI: I'm not bringing it up.
The foot's done.
KRISTI RAY: Let Abby pick and be done with it.
Let it die.
HOLLY FRAZIER: Unfortunately, Melissa dug herself a hole.
Melissa said from the very beginning that Mackenzie was injured, and how Melissa initially framed it sounded like we didn't know when Mackenzie was going to be well enough to dance again.
It was like an indefinite injury.
I think the point is, is that Melissa is the one who made such a big deal about the foot, and she couldn't do it if it was competing against Asia in a competition.
Now that it's for The View, all of a sudden Mackenzie's miraculously better.
Oh, please.
Give me a BREAK.
I wanted Mackenzie to dance last week, Christi.
OK.
It's an overuse injury, Christi, get it.
It's not a broken bone.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: I get it, but you're the one who made it into a huge thing!
I mean, what else am I supposed to do?
I mean, I want my daughter to dance, I'm sorry.
But she's, you know, she's on the team.
I want her to dance.
I want Mackenzie to dance.
She's ready to dance.
When we're in our hotel room, all she does is dance, and practice, and stretch.
She is ready.
KRISTI RAY: Melissa, you're acting like a jealous mom.
MELISSA GISONI: No!
No, I'm just saying.
What was that-- Careful.
She doesn't like that it's happening to someone else.
I'm trying to explain, but you don't let me talk.
I'm telling you-- KRISTI RAY: You need to be clearer, because-- MELISSA GISONI: I'm talking!
So I can understand you.
I'm not talking.
Kristi, look at you!
KRISTI RAY: Here in person, I was just-- ABBY LEE MILLER: Fabulous.
KRISTI RAY: Thank you.
ABBY LEE MILLER: I want to be like that when I grow up.
She looks great.
Who's is going to be in the dance?
I'm not sure yet if Asia or Mackenzie are doing the dance.
Mackenzie already got to do it, and she's been hurt, and it's, you know, I'm kind of getting that she was hurt because she didn't want to go up against Asia.
So I need to go, I need to get into hair and makeup.
That's show business, ladies.
Have them ready.
- OK.
- OK JILL VERTES: There they are!
The stars of the day!
HOLLY FRAZIER: Abby said by the time she comes in here, she wants you dressed and ready, so be nice and warmed up.
For the most part, Melissa is very guarded and not letting you see how upset she is that Asia is basically taking over Mackenzie's role.
I mean, I think there's a perception that Mackenzie's space, or her place on the team, is a little threatened by Asia.
MELISSA GISONI: Oh, don't, don't do that again, Kenz.
No more doing that, OK?
Just leave it.
KRISTI RAY: This is life.
It's not always fair, right?
So, whatever she decides, we're going to go with it.
If you're not in the dance, You kn- I know you're mature enough to understand.
MELISSA GISONI: You know, most likely you're not going to be in the dance, OK?
So don't get upset.
No pouting, no crying, OK?
KRISTI RAY: That's how it is, right?
OK, so, you just watch and be happy, and hope the group just does really well.
If you're in it-- MELISSA GISONI: It is what it is.
PRODUCER: Sherri's going to talk about a shout out to her ex-husband, complimenting him, which we talked about in Hot Topic.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Yeah, I get the last word there.
- You love that.
- I love that.
Postal Service fashions.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Co-hosting The View is huge.
I mean, I'm a dance teacher from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
And here I am dealing with Oscar winner Whoopi Goldberg?
This is crazy.
WHOOPI GOLDBERG: Today, our guest co-host week continues with Abby Lee Miller.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: The fake smile is killing me.
JILL VERTES: No, I told you.
I told you she would be on her best, charming behavior.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: She'll be on cloud nine.
WHOOPI GOLDBERG: Abby, listen to me.
You're thought to be a tough teacher.
I am tough.
I think that there's a way to coach, and there's a way not to coach.
I don't think you can necessarily break a kid on field if they feel supported at home, right?
ABBY LEE MILLER: There's a child and I could say, honey, when your foot comes through, so cou-de-pied into passe, you need to open your hip and tuck your derriere under.
One time, very nicely, , it's fixed.
Another kid, you have to yell at them until you're blue in the face.
HOLLY FRAZIER: I'm a little surprised.
It seems as though that most of the hosts really like Abby.
Like she has a fan club on The View.
All right girls, we're ready for you.
Do what you got to do.
This is your moment.
You're on national TV.
- CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Make it count.
- Make it count.
Millions are watching.
HOLLY FRAZIER: Break a leg, all of you.
Who's going to dance?
Asia?
Mackenzie?
I have no idea.
Ready, ladies?
ABBY LEE MILLER: Ready, girls?
Shoulders down, long necks.
So, Elisabeth leads, dance performance, and then you and all the hosts will come in at the end, say goodbye.
The girls look great.
They're serious, they're acting like seasoned professionals.
I'm thrilled with their behavior.
All right.
This is my decision.
You are going to do the number.
You are coming out with me at the end.
- ABBY LEE MILLER: Understand?
- Yes.
ABBY LEE MILLER: The next time you're hurt, I go to the doctor with you.
- Understood?
- Yes.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Because I think your mother is lying.
Let's go.
I put Mackenzie in The Last Text, because three different times I told Asia where she needed to fall, she kept doing it wrong.
Wrong gets you tossed out.
ELISABETH HASSELBECK: Here to perform The Last Text, please welcome the dance troupe from the Abby Lee Dance Company.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: When Mackenzie pops up from behind the seat in The Last Text, all is well in Melissa's little world.
Look at her foot.
You see her foot up?
I never noticed her doing that before.
KRISTI RAY: Personally, I knew this was going to happen, but Abby's going to go ahead and take loyalty over talent.
That's fine.
KELLY HYLAND: I'm not surprised that Mackenzie ended up doing this dance at all.
I think that Abby knew all week of who she was going to have do this dance.
MACKENZIE ZIEGLER: As soon as I did my cartwheel over the seat, I was like, I'm back.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Co-hosting The View, that's a dream come true.
But right now, I only have one thing on my mind, and that's beating Cathy.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: This group number is going to be stupendous.
- I think that the girl that we chose-- - Yes, she was-- --she's going to be perfect for what we want her to be.
With the fact that Abby has seen my all boy team for the past couple of competitions, I think that bringing in somebody that has the qualities that Victoria has is definitely going to throw them for a loop.
Well, listen, you know yesterday I had an audition.
So I needed somebody that was really going to enhance you.
So, we found a girl.
You know, I like to do the unexpected when it comes to Abby.
She's going to think because of last time when we did so amazing that we're going to have all boys.
So now we bring in this girl that she doesn't know who the girl is.
- Hi - ALL: Oh.
Wow!
- RICK TESTERMAN: Are you tough?
- Oh, yeah!
Because you've got to be tough to be on this team.
We don't take no mess.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: They're expecting the all boys, and here we're going to come in with this beautiful girl, who is not only beautiful, but a great dancer.
And and it's probably going to rock their world.
ANTHONY BURRELL: And you, unfold.
You, unfold.
Six, seven and a eight.
ANTHONY BURRELL: Lay back, Brandon.
Put your head on her.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: The Day of the Dead happens after Halloween, and it's a Mexican holiday.
And it's a very jubilant time with lots of garish face painting, lots of over-the-top costuming.
So I think that this theme is a good thing for us, and it's going to be a lot of fun to take to the stage.
So guys I don't think it was clear.
It's like Zack is pushing it, you're going like this.
Five, six, then you're doing seven and a eight.
OK?
That wasn't completely clear.
It is clear.
You just got to open your mind and brains, and stop being so closed-minded.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Easy.
Six, seven, eight and-- CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Victoria's a technically sound dancer and she's very pliable with the boys.
The boys are having a very easy time with her in partnering.
How are you feeling, Victoria?
Comfortable?
Good.
Boys, it's a match!
It's match made in heaven.
- ABBY LEE MILLER: Hey hey.
- Hi.
JILL VERTES: There she is.
- ABBY LEE MILLER: Hello!
- Good job.
Oh, and you're all in a good mood because Mackenzie danced.
- And I told her-- - MELISSA GISONI: Yes, thank you.
ABBY LEE MILLER: -- the next time either one of your kids go to the doctor, I'm going, because I think you're lying to me.
I'm not.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Well, that's just-- I'm just saying.
MOMS: Oh, hey!
Good job, you guys-- -- did she tell you not to listen to me?
Go tell Abby.
You tired?
I see somebody yawning.
- MACKENZIE ZIEGLER: No, I'm not tired.
- Everyboby's up since four.
I've been up since 6:05.
KENDALL VERTES: Of course Asia's not tired.
I'm never tired.
ABBY LEE MILLER: She isn't.
She's ready to go.
There's nothing wrong with a little healthy competition.
Yes, you should want to turn like Asia, and you should want to do your acro tricks like Mackenzie.
That's the way it has to be, you know?
She just got off being in a major competition show.
And she lives in California, there's a million opportunities for her to do.
So you need to learn from that, and take that.
- Yes?
- Yes.
She's a very mature seven-year-old.
All right girls, great part of the day, but it's over.
It's another thing on your resume, excellent.
But now, we need to concentrate on the competition this weekend.
Let's get focused, get ready, review what you had yesterday so you're ready to go on.
I told you before, I'm not going backwards.
I'm not correcting things you learned yesterday.
We need to move ahead.
ABBY LEE MILLER : Next on Dance Moms.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Do not embarrass me with Cathy.
Do not embarrass me in New York.
KRISTI RAY: Look at me when you talk to me.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: I'm looking you in the eye, bitch.
Bitch?
Let's go.
Step out of my face.
I have a kid-- You want to see me in your face?
He has anger issues and he better stay away from us.
Kick you right in the ...
What the hell's wrong with you?
Crazy.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: And you know what?
You're going to go down every week.
ABBY LEE MILLER: You were ripping on Paige.
You said she should give it up and go model.
I heard it.
KELLY HYLAND: You're not her dance teacher so don't give her critique.
You humiliated her in front of an entire audience.
