ABBY LEE : Previously on "Dance Moms.
It's the same choreography, exactly to the T.
KELLY: It's never happened before.
She's not letting them watch each other.
Melissa will lose her if both of her kids lose.
You ruined your entire number.
In the first place, Too Hot to Handle.
One of our judges, they gave Chloe a 99.10.
She actually had a 96.6.
That means that the overall winner would have been Maddie.
CHRISTI: You're lying.
You're lying!
you.
You know nothing!
ABBY LEE : Coming up on "Dance Moms.
All of you had the opportunity to come and see me in LA.
Maddie came out.
We made an agreement about what we're going to do with the girls.
We all stood by that, and you didn't.
I know, storm out-- Oh, I am storming out, because this is not being brought up.
- CHRISTI: Feel me!
- MELISSA: Screw you!
Melissa, she doesn't know what she's doing.
No more recess!
I want to see your character.
Maybe just one of you will be gone to soon.
Maddie's upset.
Maddie's upset, so don't play the game.
I'm done.
I'm so over it!
Get up, get on the floor.
My world is with my girls.
Living on the dance floor.
ABBY LEE: Come on, let's go!
Move it, move it, move it!
Let's go!
Come on, guys.
Come on, everybody.
So did you miss me?
GIRLS: Yes.
- Really?
- GIRLS: Yes.
ABBY LEE: Okay.
You guys, I missed.
I missed all of my students here.
However, the moms, not so much.
So while you guys were in the studio-- well, some of you were in the studio practicing, learning, training.
I was doing "Abby's Dance Competition.
I was in California learning new things.
I was bettering myself as a teacher and a choreographer.
All of you had the opportunity to come and see me in LA.
Maddie came out.
You worked with the kids, and you performed a new solo.
- Did you have a good time?
- Yes.
ABBY LEE: Yes.
CHRISTI: Over break, all the moms made a pact that none of us would send our girls to Abby's West Coast competition because of the way she treats the girls.
And when the whole judging mishap took place, she handled that terribly.
ABBY LEE: I'm anxious to get started.
I want to see what all you've learned.
And I've checked the roll books.
I know who has been in class, and I know who hasn't been in class.
Let's go through the pyramid.
We can all remember back then.
Brooke.
Brooke, the faculty here didn't see too much of you while I was away.
I was recording a CD, so I was gone all week too.
Brooke is very passionate about her singing.
And over the break, we decided to record a CD for her.
And I just feel like Abby should be happy that Brooke is doing this.
And instead, we come back, and she puts her at the bottom of the pyramid.
Paige, do you feel that you've improved?
Yeah, I think my turns have been getting better, because we've had normal classes, so that I've been able to work on them more.
ABBY LEE: And next, we have Kendall.
Kendall, do you think you've been improving?
Yes.
I have a private with James every week, and he works on my turns.
And he says that they're getting much better.
ABBY LEE: Okay.
And Nia.
What about you?
I've been taking four extra classes every single week.
I think that's great.
Good for you.
Nice to hear that.
It's a refreshing change to have Abby say something nice and positive about Nia's dance training.
But unfortunately, Nia is still at the bottom of Abby's pyramid.
ABBY LEE: Moving up we have, Mackenzie.
Mackenzie, you didn't win.
You let Asia beat you.
In first place, Too Hot to Handle.
It's this.
And it's that confidence.
You let your face go blank.
Are you cute?
Yes.
But you're getting a little too old for cute.
I'm going to really push Mackenzie hard this week.
If she's going to beat Asia, she has to do what it takes.
And now, Chloe.
You had a great performance.
You went out on stage, you looked beautiful, your mom was beaming, they announced you as the winner.
EMCEE: Entry number 19 from Abby Lee Dance Company, You Can!
ABBY LEE: The scores were not right.
You did not win, you were second.
Did you dance beautifully?
Yes.
But you have to work on your technique.
Abby would rather go on a diet than say that Chloe deserved to be at the top of the pyramid.
And next, we have Asia.
Now, Asia is not here.
Asia will be back in pyramid next week.
And on top of the pyramid, we have Maddie.
ABBY LEE: Congratulations, Maddie.
You gave a flawless performance.
And when they announced Chloe as the winner, you didn't even flinch.
You were thrilled for your classmate.
This week, you will be traveling to Syracuse, New York.
The competition is In10sity Dance.
Now, this week's assignments.
Maddie, you will be doing a top solo.
Maddie's solo this week is tap, and she's going to be so amazing, because she's a phenomenal tap dancer.
Mackenzie, you will also be doing a solo this week.
You will not be performing with the group.
You will be doing a straight acrobatic gymnastic routine.
This is your last shot before Asia gets back.
Abby's pushing me to dance more like Maddie and the big kids, but I think I can do it.
I have one more solo to give out.
And due to what happened last time, that solo will go to Chloe.
I know that it's unfortunate, the whole Maddie-Chloe solo thing.
Mistakes happen.
I'm giving Chloe another opportunity to go right up against Maddie.
Chloe, you better start concentrating on your hip-hop, because it is hip-hop.
CHRISTI: Abby gave Maddie a top solo, which, clearly, Maddie excels in tap.
She's had tap classes for years.
And she assigns Chloe hip-hop, which we don't even have hip-hop classes at the studio.
She's so unfair.
The group routine is called Gone Too Soon.
And of course, we're referring to all those Hollywood tragedies.
Nia, you will portray Whitney Houston.
Kendall, I want to see the sass and spunk of Selena.
Sorry, Kendall, you are not playing Selena Gomez.
I'm talking about the Grammy-winning Latin artist, Selena.
Brooke will be inspired by Amy Winehouse.
Ah!
Paige, Anna Nicole Smith.
JILL: Ooh!
Your buddy, Chloe, will portray Marilyn Monroe.
No!
That's not fair!
And Maddie, who else is there but Princess Di?
Ooh, I love her.
ABBY LEE: All right.
You can go.
Girls, spread apart.
Let's go from the top.
Let's see what we have.
Let's all dance it.
Hit it!
I hear echoes inside myself.
ABBY LEE: Come on, push.
Get in the ball of that foot, right off the floor.
One, two, three, four, five.
Yay!
Good girl!
This week, the routine is entitled Gone Too Soon.
This is a contemporary routine.
It has very intricate timing, and it's also characterization.
These girls need to become one with their character.
And they better bring it on, because everybody in that audience, including the judges, needs to easily recognize their character.
I got to let you go in a few minutes.
I want to not keep choreographing.
I want to go over the story.
You need to tell the audience and the judges they shouldn't know who you are because of the costume.
They should know who you are because you're telling the story.
Do your homework.
Look on the internet, Google it.
Figure it out.
Or maybe just one of you will be gone too soon from the Abby Lee Dance Company.
KELLY: But what shall we have Abby be?
Well, who can Abby be?
Who's the woman who has the snakes coming out of her head?
Medusa!
- JILL: Oh, no, Nefertiti.
- Ursula!
- Ursula!
She's Ursula.
- The sea witch.
Oh.
Ursula was the octopus.
The big black-- CHRISTI: She wears black and she steals little beautiful children's talent.
MELISSA: Isn't she?
Yes.
She's Ursula.
HOLLY: She's a cartoon.
She's not real.
And she keeps it in a jar around her neck.
- CHRISTI: She steals talent.
- JILL: She's Ursula.
She is Ursula.
JILL: Oh, golly.
ABBY LEE: Hello.
Are you ready for hip-hop?
Yes?
Is Payton teaching her?
Now, remember, the story is if you want to be a celebrity, you want to be a pop star, you want to move to LA and do all these things, you better be able to be a hip -hop dancer.
So Chloe is doing a hip-hop routine entitled beautiful.
It's more of a jazz routine with hip-hop elements, hip-hop costume, hip-hop style.
I want her to succeed with this hip-hop routine.
And I'm bringing Payton in.
Because when Peyton hits hip-hop, she hits it hard.
KELLY: I think Chloe should say to her, why am I doing hip-hop?
I'm not a hip-hopper.
Whatever.
Again, this is just a way to humiliate Chloe.
Sometimes, this is the best dance, because there's no pressure.
You know you're not going to win?
So you go out there, and have fun, and you enjoy.
Holly, is that what you're saying?
You say Chloe is not going to win with hip-hop?
They tend to be very competitive.
It's so clear that Abby only thinks of Maddie as her star, that Chloe is not allowed to come anywhere near that.
That's why Maddie got tap this week, and Chloe got hip-hop.
You need to isolate this movement.
The isolation, the shoulder, the rib cage.
That's what hip-hop is.
That's why a lot of people, trained beautiful dancers can't do it, because it's that sudden change of direction.
Believe me, I was sitting next to the guru of hip-hop, and I learned something.
Maybe if you would have come out to LA, you would have learned something too.
CHRISTI: You know what?
I think is really sad is that you point -blank said to all of us that when the children were invited that you were not going to send Maddie, but then you screwed the group.
We made agreement about what we were going to do with the girls.
We all stood by that, and you didn't.
Melissa, if I would have disobeyed the group, and went, and had Brooke do it-- CHRISTI: Brooke would be in much better standing.
--Brooke wouldn't have been at the bottom of the pyramid this week, I can guarantee you that.
But I didn't do that, because I'm a team player.
You know what, that's my choice as a mother.
So basically, your choice as a mother is dance trumps all.
Just to be clear, sneaky.
- CHRISTI: Well-- - That's funny.
Why is that funny?
Because you know Christi sneaks all the time.
You've said it.
- No, I'm saying I wouldn't do it.
- MELISSA: Oh, okay.
- What do I sneak about?
- What do you mean?
You talk to everybody.
Give me a break.
If you could sleep with Abby, you would, and you know it.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Well, that's how you tend to get ahead in life, Melissa.
Oh, yeah, I sleep with everybody.
You do, boss.
I've never slept with my boss.
Yes, you did.
You married him.
Yes, I married Greg after-- Yeah, after you slept with him and had an affair when he had a wife.
MELISSA: I did not!
And you had a husband.
- Guess what?
I didn't sleep with him.
And don't start with me again, Christi.
JILL: You know what?
I know, storm out.
Oh, I am storming out, because this is not being brought up.
CHRISTI: Feel me.
MELISSA: Screw you.
I did not sleep with my boss.
You know what?
You want to play those games?
What's wrong?
JILL: She has to live with the decisions she made.
Like I'm not going to sit up here and make this easy on her.
She didn't make it easy on any of those six little girls.
JILL: No, but-- CHRISTI: She knew she had that coming.
- Hey, girls.
How are you doing?
- MELISSA: Hey.
- Good.
- ABBY LEE: Good.
After yesterday's blow out with Melissa and all of the other moms, I'm not sure what's really going on.
But I am going to get to the bottom of it.
Nobody is going to mess with Melissa.
So what I need to know is what happened yesterday.
Well, Christi starts screaming that-- about I sleep with everybody to get my kids ahead.
And I'm not taking crap like that, Abby.
I'm done.
- ABBY LEE: I'm sorry.
That just shows-- - That has nothing-- She's trash.
ABBY LEE: --what she is.
Because she goes to that level.
But I don't-- I'm not like that.
I have lots of mean things to say about her, and I can't, because that's not my makeup.
Christie fights dirty, and I don't.
I think it's wrong, and I'm not like her, so I'm not going to act like her.
I'm not white trash.
Hello.
If I were a betting woman, I would say that Melissa is probably talking to Abby about me.
If I'm the most exciting thing that Abby and Melissa have to talk about, then they have a really, really sad life.
If you feel that you don't want to sit up there and it's getting crazy, come down and work the front desk.
MELISSA: Okay.
Come down and work at the store.
- MELISSA: I will.
- Or come and sit inside the room.
I don't go for parents in the room, but if you can just sit in the corner quietly, or play the music, or something, that's fine with me.
Okay.
That's fine.
- All righty?
- Yep, thank you.
Okay.
I certainly wouldn't want to sit with them.
So I invite her down into the studio.
She should see what Mackenzie's doing.
Mackenzie is doing an acrobatic gymnastics routine entitled California Adventure.
It's sassy and fun.
Split!
It's a bigger split!
She does a whole lot of stuff in this number.
She has to have the strength, the proper technique, and the stamina to get through this routine.
You should be on a diagonal.
- Hi, Holly.
- Oh, hey, Hol.
Hello, ladies.
Did you see Melissa downstairs?
CHRISTI: Of course, Melissa's avoiding the situation.
It's what she does.
She'd rather high downstairs and kiss Abby's ass than come upstairs and face the music with the rest of us.
You know, she needs to just admit what she did and get over it.
She had a meeting with Abby when I walked in.
They were meeting in the store.
Oh, in store.
And they both went-- and I just kept on going.
Ah.
And she's not up here, because, you know-- even though she was the one who sent Maddie to dance for Abby, even though the teen all agreed not to do it, and she was wrong, she's punishing all of us.
Own who you are.
Don't sit here and say, I'm so nice, and my daughters are just amazing.
You intentionally do things to hurt the other kids but then you claim you're a team player.
You're not.
You know, when it comes to Abby, she will do whatever she wants her to.
Or getting Maddie a routine.
And you said, because she, Abby, will catapult Maddie and Mackenzie to stardom.
- CHRISTI: Well, but it's-- - That's what it's all about.
- CHRISTI: But it's-- - So there's never going to be a chance-- But here's the thing.
You're teaching your kids that you step on everyone to get ahead, and that's not a good lesson to teach your kids.
ABBY LEE: So let's go from the top.
It has to be bigger.
It's boring.
Boring!
Mackenzie is not looking too good.
Mackenzie walked into this studio sweaty and out of breath.
She walked in that way.
Usually, that's how she walks out.
Cartwheel.
Cut, split, arch back.
Why do I have to say that every time?
Cut, split, arch back!
It's one move.
Dah-dah-dah-dah!
Asia isn't here.
This is Mackenzie's shot, but she's not giving me what I want.
Melissa, she doesn't know what she's doing, she's out of breath, she can't remember one step from the next.
No more recess!
Why were you sunburned when you came in here?
Were you outside at recess?
Outside, running around, playing all day-- - I know.
- ABBY LEE: --and now, she's useless.
That's why these kids need to be home-schooled.
It's ridiculous.
She is useless.
What are you supposed to say when all the kids go to the playground?
Sorry, my dance teacher said no kick ball.
Abby doesn't want Mackenzie to play during recess.
If it were up to Abby, Mackenzie wouldn't be allowed to have any friends at all.
Well, you know, just because no one played with Abby at recess, doesn't mean she has to take it out on poor little Mackenzie.
Why should Abby have any say-so when Melissa's kids play with friends?
That's the whole reason I send my kids to this school is to have social interaction with other children.
But Melissa will do it, and she'll pull her kid from school, and not have her do recess because Abby said so.
ABBY LEE: Straddle.
Not apron split, a straddle split.
No, before the tag.
You're doing it different every time you do it.
MELISSA: You know, I'm sitting in there watching Mackenzie's rehearsal.
I'm not looking at the other moms.
I'm looking at my daughter.
I can care less.
All right, you understand what you're doing?
Yes?
ABBY LEE: All right, you're finished.
Melissa, you can go.
I think Melissa's coming up.
Our gossip is over, ladies.
I'm through avoiding the situation.
The moms can talk behind my back all they want.
They're just going to have to deal with it.
I did nothing wrong.
JILL: Oh, hello.
HOLLY: Hi.
How did it go?
HOLLY: What was that about recess?
No recess.
All they do is play.
How does Abby know what Mackenzie does?
Because she asked her.
And Mackenzie said, we played outside all day today.
But what's wrong with that?
She has no-- she's tired, and she's a mess.
I'm like, I don't think-- I thought she looked great.
Sorry, but-- You're certainly not going to let Chloe, doing a hip-hop dance, beat you.
Really?
Maddie is doing a tap solo.
I am thrilled.
She's a great tapper, it's a cute little number.
It's called Me and You Against the World.
And it's all about a housewife that woke up on the wrong side of the bed.
She burnt the bacon and the pancakes.
She spilled coffee on her husband.
I mean, the whole nine yards.
I hope you understand.
Call me up after a bad day of work.
MADDIE: I love tapping.
I've always been tapping ever since I was four.
It's one of my best strengths.
That's a good song.
Yeah, it's a great solo.
HOLLY: Yeah, it really is.
I like the music.
I thought Abby said she wasn't running Maddie's solo.
She did.
She told me that today when I walked in.
That's what she told me.
CHRISTI: I'm thinking she's going to keep her promise about not running Chloe's.
- KELLY: - Something just tells me maybe.
That promise she might keep, but I'm-- Melissa's not Chloe's mother so-- Of course, Chloe's not working on her solo.
This is the way it goes here.
Abby, she make sure that nobody wins.
And when Chloe did win, she made sure that she went to the judges and fixed their mistake.
This score ended up being 97.5, 97 and 1/2.
This should be 96.6.
This is your winner.
ABBY LEE: Maddie won everything.
Melissa, Christi said, when she came in, you were having a meeting with Abby.
What were you talking to her about?
I wasn't having a meeting.
I was talking to her.
What about?
None of your concern.
Not that you care, because you hate my kids.
- So don't worry about it.
- Who said I hate your kids?
MELISSA: It's none of your concern.
My kids are not your concern, so don't worry about them.
KELLY: We all told you though, Melissa-- I don't-- I don't-- I don't need to hear anything.
- But whenever-- - MELISSA: I don't need to hear.
- Whenever-- - I really don't.
JILL: --we talk to you about this-- - I don't care.
- JILL: --you said-- I don't care.
I'm over it.
Okay.
But then you can't be mad at us for something you chose to do.
For talking about my husband, it has nothing to do with my kids.
JILL: No, I'm not talking about your husband.
Oh, bull crap.
I never said anything about your husband.
What did I say about your husband?
Nothing.
I don't want to talk about it.
But I want to know why you don't think we should say something to you when-- - I don't care.
- You already said something.
- JILL: --it was affecting our kids.
Whatever.
JILL: We just want you to live up to what you do.
I told you what I was doing.
And I'm done with it.
- No, you didn't.
- MELISSA: I'm done talking.
- We called you and asked you about it.
My kids, they come first.
And I'm fine, I can handle my kids.
I can take care of my kids.
That's what we're doing with our kids.
- We're trying to protect them.
- Then protect them.
- JILL: Because-- - MELISSA: That's your job.
--you went against us and hurt them.
I did not hurt your kids.
- Yes, you did.
- Okay, whatever.
I hurt your kids.
I'm a bad person.
Kill me.
I'm sure you wish I would die in a car accident too.
HOLLY: Oh, no, Melissa.
Oh, my god.
CHRISTI: Shall we belly up to the bar?
Let's do it.
I love when the moms finally break free of dance jail.
You know, we get to hang out, we get to have drinks, you know, vent a little bit.
- I'll have a diet cola.
- WOMAN: Sure.
Shoot, I was going to get that.
She lives on the edge.
I'll have the $100 martini.
Is anyone really missing from the picture?
No.
We're all here.
I could not believe earlier that Melissa said that we hope her and her kids died in a car crash.
Yeah, I hate that.
I hate, hate, hate that-- HOLLY: That was just crazy.
That's crazy.
If she really believes that, then we're in trouble.
- Who thinks that way?
- I don't know.
That was crazy.
I mean, if that's the way she feels, you know, I don't want to be her friend.
Melissa sat there and told all of us-- - She wouldn't go.
- CHRISTI: She promised.
What does that make you think?
Because that makes me think that she doesn't really value our friendship.
She's definitely made it out that dance is more important than school.
If the only thing that's important to you in life is getting your kids ahead of other people in dance, don't sit upstairs and pretend you don't care.
If your kids win or lose, own who you are.
- Yeah.
- Stop lying to our faces.
Maddie had an hour with Abby, Mackenzie had two hours with Abby, and Chloe got none?
If you can't see that's wrong, then you are really blind.
You have a problem.
The fundamental issue is your word.
You know, friendship, what is it worth?
And what has taught me was that I can't trust everybody when they give their word.
ABBY LEE: Guys, come on.
We're getting on a bus, we're going tomorrow.
This is the first competition we've been back since I was gone.
The group number is fine choreographically.
But I don't see that skill of characterization shining through.
And your competition except exit.
That was a hot mess.
CHRISTI: I don't like sitting up here.
I like sitting at the bar last night.
- The bar last night.
- That was way more fun than this.
KELLY: That was way better.
You should have came with us last night.
I went home with my husband and kids.
I couldn't care less if the moms went out to drink without me.
I'm not much of a drinker.
So I'd rather be home with my kids and my husband.
We all talked about it.
Jill was supposed to ask you.
- I was?
- Mackenzie wasn't feeling well.
I didn't realize it was my job to invite Melissa.
Banging the walls for help.
Some kind of malady-- Chloe, you need to make sure you're that way a little bit more.
Point your feet, Paige, in the middle of the stage.
Foot underneath you.
Some of the kids are still trying to remember what step comes next.
Come on, kiddos.
You have been doing this for three years.
Hey, ladies.
JILL: Hello.
- Hey!
- How are you?
- I'm good.
- How are you?
- HOLLY: I'm hanging in there.
Christi, by the way, Payton's going to stay 15 minutes late and help Chloe with her solo.
Did Leslie just rear her ugly head again?
I thought we got rid of her.
Why is she back?
You're sitting here listening to this woman, this drunk, say what she's saying.
- And you're sitting here-- - Call me a drunk again.
You're not just sitting here and not telling us what you really-- like you are okay with it.
So when we leave, you're not going to complain to Abby.
If Abby asks Payton to dance with your kids, then I'm fine with it.
We are in it 100%.
Anyway, we'll see you around, ladies.
All right, bye.
Leslie's back.
I think that she's been planning on trying to get her daughter in with this team since day one.
Oh, I do think that's her plan.
It's not often that people come up here just to say hello and be nice.
She likes to stir the pot.
CHRISTI: I have enough crazy dance moms to deal with sitting upstairs.
I don't need to engage with two women who are clearly here just to pick a fight.
We're all stocked up on crazy here.
KELLY: Did you think at all, Melissa, about what we talked about?
You understand where we're coming from?
I got upset when you talk about my personal business, because it's-- I didn't talk about your personal business.
It's none of anybody's concern.
But you sat here and you said, oh, you guys hate me.
- You hate my kids.
- I don't-- I never said-- I never said you guys hate me and my kids.
I know you don't like my kids, and that's fine.
But that's not true.
What we're trying to say to you, Melissa, is none of this has anything to do with Maddie or Mackenzie.
Right.
- None of it.
- MELISSA: That's fine.
If you don't want to be my friend anymore-- because I would do anything for your kid kids, and you know it.
And I would do anything for your kids.
Not any more, you won't I'm sure.
I feel really lost.
I'm torn between my friendships with my friends and my children's dance careers.
Clearly, the most important thing in the world to you is if your kids win at dance over our friendship, over their friendships with the kids.
You've made that quite clear, not in your words, but by your actions.
And you have denied it for three years sitting here saying, I don't care if my kids win.
So just sit here and own it.
Say, you know what?
I will do anything I need to do-- don't sit here and act like you're not a stage mom.
ABBY LEE: Foot underneath you.
Foot underneath you.
JILL: What's going on in there?
- What is going on in there?
- I don't know.
I thought we were having a lesson, not a private conversation.
Okay.
Dr.
Holly might have a PhD in education, but Melissa has a PhD in kissing Abby's ass.
ABBY LEE: Thank you for coming.
We're in Syracuse, New York.
This is our first week back, so it's very important for the girls to win.
If they want to prove themselves, and prove that they were working, and they were training, and they were in class, then they're going to win again.
All right.
Remember, this is the first competition back.
This is it.
Don't make me regret coming home.
So ladies, we have three solos.
Mackenzie, you're the first solo up.
Then Chloe, your second.
Then Maddie, your third.
- Maddie, are you ready?
- I had a different shirt, though.
MELISSA: Maddie, come out.
Yeah, okay.
That's cute.
I don't like the shirt.
- MELISSA: You don't?
- No, because this is competing.
At this point, Abby and Team Melissa should just travel to competitions on their own.
Because as it stands right now, we're just kind of the filler in between the Maddie dances.
ABBY LEE: Let me see.
Do some steps.
I like the back of the shirt.
I like the sleeves bouncing.
I don't know what it is, but as soon as Abby comes back in town, I seem to get all sorts of flack for any attention that Maddie gets.
Mackenzie, Asia's not here this week.
I gave you the solo.
If you bomb, she comes back next week, she gets the solo.
I can count on her.
She wins because of this, because of this.
Mackenzie needs to nail her routine.
With Asia gone, this is going to be her opportunity to win.
Now, listen, you two.
This is the first time that you're going up against each other since you did the same exact routine.
It takes a moment to break a butterfly.
Unaware that's when you hear an angel cry.
Now, you are doing polar opposites.
So if you want to do a hip-hop dance next time and you want to go to tap dance in an hour and a half, we can do that too.
Why shouldn't Chloe be able to do hip-hop?
If she's going to work in this business as a professional dancer, she better make sure that her hip-hop is equal with everything else.
All right, let's go.
MELISSA: I'm happy Mackenzie has a solo this week.
But Abby told Mackenzie, you have a solo this week because Asia is not here.
Is it just her way of making Mackenzie work harder?
EMCEE: All right, and to the In10sity stage is act number 11.
It's a mini acro solo.
Please welcome Mackenzie performing California Adventure.
Sunshine, I feel the energy.
I need sunshine falling down on me.
Now, sunshine, don't you hide away.
I want sunshine each and every day, hey.
Sunshine, I feel the energy.
I need sunshine falling down on me now.
Sunshine.
ABBY LEE: Mackenzie looks great.
Costume's adorable.
I think her shot at winning this is really strong.
CHLOE: This is my first hip-hop solo ever, and we've only ever done two hip-hop group dances.
So it's very weird to be doing hip-hop, especially as a solo.
EMCEE: And next to the stage is act number 15 is a junior hip -hop solo.
Let's please welcome Chloe performing Keep it Pumping.
Pumping, yeah.
Keep it pumping, keep it pumping in here.
Put your hands up, put your hands in the air.
Keep it pumping, keep it pumping in here.
Put your hands up, put your hands in the air.
HOLLY: Good job.
EMCEE: That was beautiful, act number 15.
ABBY LEE: Chloe just performed, and she was good.
Good enough for first place?
Mm, I don't think so.
But I know that my best shot for first place is coming up next.
EMCEE: This is act number 13, junior tap solo.
Please welcome Maddie performing You and Me Against the World.
I woke up on the wrong side of the bed.
And I spilled coffee on your white T.
I burnt your bacon, burnt your pancakes, and my hand.
It's not my day, I hope you understand.
ABBY LEE: The apron starts to come down in the middle of the number.
You know I'll put you first, ABBY LEE: And that kid doesn't miss a beat.
She is right on the money the entire routine.
Me and you against the world.
EMCEE: That was You and Me Against the World.
That kid was like a pro.
JILL: I thought all of them look great.
Mackenzie is looking so strong.
And Maddie looked great.
Maddie's apron came down, and I looked over at Abby-- - JILL: Abby was laughing.
- --and Abby laughed.
I know.
When Chloe lost her headband, Christi was like-- - Dead - --murdered.
Oh, my god.
It came forward.
What did you want me to do?
You were in the bar having a drink, and her head piece is falling off!
Like she's not going to come in here and yell at Melissa.
She's not going to be upset with Maddie like she screamed at me, she was angry with Chloe.
Like, that's not going to happen with them.
It is what it is.
I guess I should have pinned it.
But I had it Velcroed really good.
- But you must have gotten it like-- - Just-- MELISSA: You must have just gotten it in your hair.
Melissa, you are on my last nerve.
Amazing job.
I was nervous.
Seen Chloe, you did a great job too, but we're back to right where we started, forgetting the dance.
Did you forgot the dance?
You forgot this whole thing.
- That's eight counts.
- I did-- You did not do this.
This, swish, swish.
You're really going to argue with me?
- - ABBY LEE: Really?
CHRISTI: As far as I can see, Chloe didn't forget any piece of her choreography.
And if she did, I put that back on Abby, because she gave her two times to run the dance.
Who remembers that entire dance with two rehearsals?
Okay.
Look, it keeps getting curly again.
CHRISTI: Don't touch it!
I'm sorry, Maddie.
Oh, Maddie, I'm sorry.
I'm a wicked brusher.
I forgot to tell you.
I'm sorry.
Woo, baby!
ABBY LEE: All right, come on.
Let me see this looks.
Let's go.
Good.
This is it, ladies.
Chloe, Maddie, now is the time to go out and prove how wonderful you are.
Go out and do what you were taught.
Now, this group, I'm a little worried about.
I don't understand why the kids aren't more familiar with these characters.
Let's go.
Come on.
EMCEE: And to the In10sity stage is act number 86, a junior contemporary small group.
Please welcome, Gone Too Soon.
I hear echoes inside myself, banging the walls for help.
Eating at my heart, choking on the darkness outside myself.
Some kind of malady I can't spell.
Eating at my heart, choking on the darkness outside myself.
Banging the walls to tell me that I'm not an empty shell.
It comes from the inside of me.
My reality is nothing I can't be.
Oh, I won't wait.
EMCEE: And that was Gone too Soon, act number 86.
ABBY LEE: The kids went on stage to dance.
They looked beautiful.
Now, can I be honest?
The only person I watch was Maddie.
I was watching her face.
She was all over the place.
She was sad, and she was angry, and she was haunting all at the same time.
EMCEE: In the elite mini solo division, in second place, with a score of 271.5 points, is Miss Kayla with act number one, Paw Paw Patch.
And your highest scoring elite mini soloist, with a score of 280 points, is Miss Mackenzie with act number 11, California Adventure.
Congratulations, you guys.
Great job.
MELISSA: Mackenzie won first place.
Abby really wanted Mackenzie to prove to her that she could win.
And she won by 8.5 points.
EMCEE: And now for our elite junior soloist.
In fourth place, with a score of 275.3 points, is Miss Chloe with act number 15, Beautiful, from the Abby Lee Dance Company.
First runner up with a score of 280.7 points is Miss Maddie with act number 18, You and Me Against the World.
Yay, Maddie!
That is a joke.
And your highest scoring elite junior soloist is Miss Haley with act number 10, Pardon my Southern Accent.
I am livid.
Second?
Are you serious?
EMCEE: All right.
Now for our elite junior small group, in third place was act number 81, Mannequin.
In second place with a score of 275 points is act number 88, Rockebel's Canon from Tawn Marie's.
And your highest scoring elite junior small group, with a score of 277.5 points, is act number 86, Gone Too Soon from the Abby Lee Dance Company.
Congratulations to all of our elite junior small groups.
The group just won first place, and Abby can't even bother to look up from her phone, because she's so upset that Maddie got second place.
Oh, boy.
Thank God that we won in the group dance.
- Yeah.
- I know.
Oh, I don't think Abby cares that the girls won.
The only thing she cares about is Maddie's solo.
KELLY: I feel kind of bad that the girls probably won't get to enjoy their win.
So all your kissing ass and doing whatever has paid off.
And aren't you glad that you went to LA to make sure that she will protect you?
But you don't see when you do things against the group that it hurts our kids.
My kids come first to me, and they always will come first to me.
I can't say that I'm fed up with Melissa's lying and fakeness, because I've always been fed up with Melissa's lying and fakeness.
But I think all of the other moms in the room are finally fed up with it too.
Good job!
I got fourth with hip-hop!
CHRISTI: I know.
High five!
KELLY: You did good.
- High five.
See?
And Melissa thought you were upset.
Uh, you said that Maddie was so upset, okay?
- So kiss my ass!
- CHRISTI: She looked upset.
Why are you saying this in front of your kids?
Because guess what?
You do it all the time.
You talk about my kid all the time.
You said, oh, Maddie is upset.
Every time Maddie doesn't win, oh, my god, Maddie's upset.
Maddie's upset.
So don't play the the game.
She was crying.
Thank you.
Oh, whatever.
Screw you!
I'm done.
I'm so over it.
You know what?
You're always against me.
Come on.
Why don't you tell that that trashy girl to stop?
- Let's go.
- We're leaving.
When I walk into the dressing room.
And Melissa's mad.
She's leaving.
The other kids aren't even in there.
They're all milling around.
What is going on with the Abby Lee Dance Company?
Come on, girls.
You are all sitting here like we have another number.
It's over.
Get your stuff together.
Okay, let's go.
We don't have yet our children.
- Stop it.
- MELISSA: Maddie, please, stop.
ABBY LEE: Melissa, what's going on with you?
Tell me what happened.
Maddie is fine.
Maddie, learn from Chloe or learn from Christi being evil, not to cry.
You've got to save it for the pillow, because people like that make it worse.
Every time you get knocked down, you fight that much more.
And that's what makes you Maddie.
You're a survivor.
Got it?
The moms?
They're jealous of Maddie.
This is Maddie's time to shine, and they don't understand that.
Come over here and give me a hug.
Oh.
Next on "Dance Moms.
This week, you will be performing in the annual dance concert.
Now, something else is going on.
We're going to throw in a photo shoot.
Shush the beak!
Stop it.
Since when does your ass go on my stage?
If you think Christi and Kelly are going to make your kid a star, by all means, go.
Pick which side you're on.
Never in 40 years of being in the Abby Lee Dance Company has anyone been giving a solo the day of the recital!
She's going to crap all over me and talk to me that way in front of my customers?
No way.
