Get up.
Get on the floor.
My world is with my girls, living on the dance floor.
It's Mother's Day.
And who knows more about moms that Abby Lee Miller?
My mom has touched the lives of tens of thousands of students.
She has taught children to love to dance.
I think it's the perfect time to do a special honoring her.
- How are you?
- It's good to see you.
- I'm good, good.
- In your Florida home.
My mom, the one and only Maryen Lorrain is home.
- WOMAN: - Hey.
WOMAN: Oh, boy.
MARYEN: Oh, the baby.
My mother has always been my inspiration.
She's a fabulous dance teacher.
She teaches children to love the art of dance, to be passionate about it.
Now, don't get me wrong.
She didn't push me.
I wasn't at the studio 24/7.
She signed me up for everything that came down the pike-- Girl Scouts and ice skating lessons, roller skating lessons.
I took sewing lessons.
I was in the ski club.
I was on the swim team.
I did it all.
I just didn't do anything really well, no, until I decided that I wanted to be a choreographer.
My mother gave me the opportunity to choreograph for her students.
I love her for that.
Not everybody's that lucky.
It all started back in Miami.
I know what you're thinking.
Who moves from Miami to Pittsburgh?
She did.
But I think that's why I love the sun so much.
Miami is a hot spot.
It's a Mecca for the arts, music, fashion.
You name it, Miami has it going on.
Now, I wanted the Abby Lee Dance Company to experience Miami firsthand.
I remember spending a great day on Miami Beach, just me and my girls.
Tell them about the movie.
What other moves did they do?
They were like going like that.
The pony, the swim, the jerk?
The pony, the swim, and the jerk in your number?
ALL: Yes.
So let's see.
Stand up.
- - Well, the girls have worked really hard, and we only have a few hours to spend on the beach.
Yeah.
Can you go in the water?
ALL: Yes.
How about if I pick you up and throw you in the water?
Can we go?
Go, go, go, go, go, go.
I don't know how cold it is, guys.
- Ow!
- Ow, my feet!
ABBY: Where's Mackenzie?
Oh, Jesus.
You had to go and lose her?
I could've gotten lost at sea.
Now, did you notice that water?
Just stunning.
Everything about Miami is beautiful, tropical, gorgeous.
Now, my dad was living in Pittsburgh, but he was dating my mom long distance.
Every chance he got, he went to Miami.
He took her out for one date, and then he spent the rest of the time at Gulfstream Racetrack.
That's where I think my inheritance went, to the ponies.
Now, my mom and dad, were they ever going to get married?
I'm not so sure.
My dad found a note from his mom, and it said, "Sorry, I hope you marry that nice Maryen McKay from Florida.
And so he did.
So my mom and dad were married.
They had a big wedding in Miami and another one in Pittsburgh.
First comes love, second comes marriage, and then a star was born.
That's right, me.
Now, my dad wanted to name me after the most beautiful girl he ever dated.
Her name was Abigail.
I want to remind you that my mother's name is Maryen.
Now, that was a cute kid and smart too.
I learned everything I know from my mom.
She's an amazing dance teacher.
She gets to be imaginative, and creative, and even playful.
She has a very different teaching method than I do.
My mother at age 12 took three streetcars by herself to assist this woman at a dance studio.
She learned the tricks of the trade, and then she started teaching on her own.
My mom always said that you learn to speak French in dancing school.
I'm seeing a lot of mistakes.
And their ballet steps are definitely not up to par.
I think Kendall is great in the group.
I think she adds a lot of sparkle and shine.
She fits in beautifully.
Every wife in the neighborhood had a martini waiting for their husband when they came home from work.
Not my mom.
Let's call and order a pizza, because I have to be at the dance studio.
Thanks to my mother dance is in my DNA, and that's the tie that binds us.
My grandmother is sick, and she's in the hospital.
It's very hard.
I'm very, very close with her.
She's been the most important mother figure that I've had.
She's amazing.
- Thanks for coming with me there, kiddo.
- CHLOE: No problem.
When I was a little girl, I dreamt of taking dance lessons.
And I lived with my grandparents.
I moved back and forth on and off.
And I really want Chloe to go see the house where I grew up in, where I danced on the lawn and I dreamed of having a life like she does.
I'm excited to bring you here.
This is the base.
Yeah, my house is right there, but that's not what my house looked like.
I used to make Jody, my little sister, do recitals in the front yard all the time.
We used to go like this.
Wait.
You ready?
Come in.
And I used to go-- I'm going to spin you out and spin you back in.
My poor sister.
And then I used to try to do this crazy lift.
Here, jump up.
You ready?
Wait, almost got it.
- - Stop.
You're showing the neighborhood my Spanx.
Go ahead, get in the car.
It's so important for me to have Chloe have an opportunity to shine and show what she can do, what she's worked hard for.
And every competition is a chance for her to do that.
Although I didn't have all the same opportunities that Chloe had, my grandparents were able to give me something that my mother didn't, and that was unconditional love.
Well, that was really sweet.
Why can't they act like that all the time?
Now, I'll introduce you to the best mother in the whole wide world.
Who?
Mine, Maryen Lorrain.
Happy Mother's Day, Mom.
- Oh, Happy Mother's Day to you too.
- Me?
I mean, look at you with all the kids that you've raised.
ABBY: Well, thank you.
- I mean.
I appreciate that, even if they don't.
Oh, OK.
Yes.
Now, the question is, why did you become a dance teacher instead of just a performer?
Well, in my high school days I danced for the USO.
I come home and told my dad that, and he said, "You're not doing it.
I'm not allowing that.
It's not right.
And I said, "Well, if I cannot dance, I will teach people to do that.
And now that legacy lives on.
Right.
Because moms are in a way my specialty.
I have to also mention the not-so-fabulous moms, or should I just say rude, distasteful, and ugly.
I can't believe you guys wouldn't back me up on this.
Because we're following the rules.
You're not.
She's going out there in the gymnasium in her costume that I brought for her.
- You're looking me in the eye.
- MELISSA: This is her costume.
Has she ever worn that costume in a competition, or a stage, or a show, or a showcase, or a performance, or a school gig, or anything else?
Yes, but you haven't seen her in it.
None of you have seen her in it.
I don't care if somebody else in the world did.
What are you doing?
I'm leaving.
You don't want me here.
- I'll just make it easier for you.
- MOM: No.
We want you here.
We want you to play by the rules.
- The reason-- Jill.
- Whatever.
Whatever.
I'll pack my bags and go home right now.
Is that-- would that make you guys all really happy?
- No, that would not make me happy.
- Because that's what I'm doing.
- And you know who's going to lose?
- I'm sick of this .
- It's going to be-- - Done.
It's going to be your daughter that loses out.
- It's your daughter.
- Good for you.
Jill's throwing shoes, and she's cursing.
And all I'm thinking is, you are so hard to take seriously wearing that hat.
Yeah, you know what?
You're exactly right.
It's supposed to be about the kids.
Let her wear the damn costume.
ABBY: Some might say Jill was passionate.
Really?
She threw a shoe at me.
I think she's just rude.
That was bad behavior.
What kind of mother is that?
ABBY: Happy Mother's Day, everybody.
I wanted to share this day with my mom because it's a very important time in our lives.
And I also want her to know that I'm not tough and mean all the time.
My mother showered her students with love and kindness.
She's a very giving woman.
And I think I picked up a few of those qualities too.
- What do you think this spoon is for?
- ALL: Ice cream!
Are we right?
Yes, for ice cream.
- We're having a treat.
- BOTH: Yes!
- A treat.
- Cheers.
- - Can we get some service here?
My God.
Oh, my God.
I love ice cream.
No!
Give it to me.
You have ice cream right there.
Right...there.
GIRL: Ice cream-- I definitely inherited my sweet tooth from my mom.
Now, even though our teaching styles are very different, she'll never know how much she influenced my creative decisions, my music selections, and the way I design a costume.
Now, there's one big issue that my mom and I differed on, and that was a pet.
Every single birthday list and every single Christmas list started out, number one, dog.
I wanted a dog my entire life.
So when I turned 30, I went out and I bought myself a dog.
Broadway Baby was my best friend for 16 years.
Hello, hello!
Broadway Baby is my dog.
Yes, there we go.
Good girl.
She is the best thing in my life.
She doesn't roll her eyes at me.
She is wonderful, absolutely wonderful.
All the way around, go.
That's fine.
I might tell the girls to save their tears for the pillow, but I save mine for my mom.
You were so cute and never hurt anybody.
She made everybody smile.
And what if something was wrong and I could have done something about it?
I think maybe it was her time to go.
She just-- I mean, she got sick in a day.
It was that quick.
I know.
She kept me sane.
She made everything OK.
When I would come home from work upset or distraught over the mothers, or, you know, you just have a rough day at work, and you come home, and they kiss you, and they lick you, and that you're just-- I wasn't here when she needed me.
I was with somebody else's kids.
Mom, I know you don't always agree with my decisions.
- Or my teaching methods.
- Mm-hmm.
But I just want you to know that everything I learned about designing costumes, and selecting music, and working with children - I learned from you.
- Hmm.
I mean, I've never heard you say that before.
I know that I was more of a daddy's girl, right?
He told me that you dropped me off the kitchen table.
Oh, God.
- Is that true?
- Yeah.
I heard thump, and you did a flip off the table.
- So, oh my god, I thought-- - Was that my first aerial?
Your first back flip.
And, um, I thought you were dead.
So the dance studio was originally founded by you.
In 1945, you opened the Maryen Lorrain Dance Studio.
Uh-huh.
And now the Abby Lee Dance Company's kind of taken over.
Yeah.
So what kind of teacher was I at 14, the same as I am now?
Yes, you were.
- So I was mean when I was 14?
- That was OK.
- No, you weren't really mean.
I mean-- - OK.
- I was tough.
- You were tough.
You had a lot of students that went on to do great things.
Uh-huh.
I remember you talking about Albert Stephenson.
And he worked with Liza Minnelli in all of her shows and did all the Kander and Ebb shows.
He did "Night of 100 Stars," all of those things.
- MARYEN: Yeah.
- And then you had a Viola.
- And a Terry Eno.
And Linda Lee.
- And Linda Lee.
I mean, she was fabulous.
- ABBY: She was?
- MARYEN: Yes, she was fabulous.
Well, I have a little surprise for you.
Oh?
Oh, God.
Do you know what this is?
LINDA LEE : Hi, Miss Maryen.
It was 1951.
I was six years old when I came into the Maryen Lorrain Dance Studio.
I was mesmerized by you.
You were my idol, and you still are.
You gave me a life and a career that led to 15 Broadway musicals.
I want to thank you so very much for naming your only little girl, Abby Lee, after me.
Abby Lee is a big success now and famous, and her Aunt Linda Lee is very proud of her.
Still, Miss Maryen, you are a beautiful lady.
And for the last 61 years, I have adored you.
I love you with all my heart forever and always.
Linda Lee.
I love you.
Mom, this is one person.
This is just one.
There's hundreds of people out there that think of you as a mom.
What do you have to say about that?
I don't-- I don't have anything to say-- the shock.
- Those are tears of joy.
- MARYEN: Yeah.
Think of what you've accomplished in your life.
If it wasn't for you, Linda would have never had those opportunities.
No.
And all the other kids that have gone on to such success.
Now, times that times a million, and that's what you've done for me.
I know that I've attempted to follow in your footsteps, but I will never fill your shoes.
I feel honored that, you know, you did this.
I mean, I'm thrilled that you're doing what you're doing today, and I'm proud.
Wow.
That's all that matters to me.
I don't care what anybody else thinks as long as you're proud of me.
And I'm sure your dad's looking down at you and is proud too.
- ABBY: Mom?
- MARYEN: What?
You've had literally thousands of students over the years.
MARYEN: Uh-huh.
ABBY: Some of them began taking dance - as soon as they could walk.
- Yeah.
ABBY: Now you remember a kid named Kelly.
MARYEN: Mm-hmm.
And she started dancing as a little girl, and then she grew up, and now her kids are dancing.
We are looking for a dress for her eighth grade farewell.
I want Brooke to go to her eighth grade farewell dance because I want Brooke to be a normal kid.
- All right, Brooke, fashion show.
- All right, go ahead.
- Ooh.
- Oh, wow.
It's pretty, but it might be a little big.
- - KELLY: You like that one?
I like this one.
Oh, she's crying.
It would be hard.
I don't want you to go without me.
They grow up so fast, from preschoolers starting their very first dance class to little girls accomplishing great feats.
I remember when Mackenzie started her very first dance class.
And look at her now.
Party starts right now.
Party starts right now.
Higher!
Up!
Party starts right now.
Party starts right now.
As a dance instructor, we have moments in our lives that make everything else make sense.
When she nailed that routine, I just had a moment where this is why I do what I do.
She made me cry.
I made Abby cry because I did my dance really good.
Not too many people make me cry when they dance.
It was good.
Go get a drink.
She's not a little girl anymore.
She's not a baby.
She is now a dancer.
I just had a moment where this is why I do what I do.
A mother's love for her child inspired this next routine.
I just want to tell you that Bopcha would have been so proud of you.
You know, her and I were close like you and I.
When she died I took her hat.
You know the angels that we always put on, but this is the most special angel.
This was her favorite little angel.
So let's pin it on you, OK?
You know, whenever you go on stage I always pray for her to be on stage with you.
I totally believe that my mom is always with my daughter when she's on stage, always.
I love you so much.
You are the sky, the moon at night.
You are my life, a shining light.
Angel, angel asleep inside your halo, halo.
I'm right beside you.
And you know, you know how much you're loved.
I know you forever will be my-- I never get tired of watching Maddie dance.
She always brings tears to my eyes.
Halo, halo.
I'm right beside you.
And you know, you know how much you're loved.
I know you forever will be my angel forever will be my...
Maddie dedicated that routine to her grandmother, Melissa's mom, who died way too young.
We'll celebrate Mother's Day and my mom when we continue.
I'm celebrating Mother's Day with my mom.
Now, this is a very special one for us.
You can always spot a dancer by their legs.
My mom has great legs.
They're legendary.
I think I have a picture of those legs.
MARYEN: Oh, God.
ABBY: Those legs get you any jobs?
I worked in the basement of a 5 and 10, downtown Pittsburgh, Fifth Avenue-- big deal-- selling leg makeup.
- Leg makeup?
- Leg makeup.
So the assistant manager came to me one day, and he said he had an idea.
If we blacked out the window halfway, do you think you could wear shorts and parade back and forth in the window selling our leg makeup?
- So just your legs showed?
- Just my legs showed.
Then my mother would come down, and she would take her ring and tap on the window.
That's how I knew it was my mother.
- Outside?
- Yes.
If the nuns knew I was in that window, I would have been expelled.
- From Catholic school?
- From Catholic school.
But anyway.
And I was 15.
I lied about my age on top of all that.
- Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
- Crazy.
Now, when you had great legs, you were confident.
- Oh, yeah.
- ABBY: You could get in that window - and strut your stuff.
- Yeah, it didn't bother me.
Sometimes confidence is just as important as the dance techniques.
When I teach my students, I can hear my mother's voice inside my head.
"Abby, it's all about the confidence.
- - Look at the mountains.
Girls, I brought you here because I'm so tired of you just being in a hotel ballroom in the competition.
You need to see the world.
I want them to learn about where they're traveling, and I took that opportunity to do some strengthening and lengthening the back of the leg.
That's not something that you can do on a bus or when you rent a studio to rehearse a number.
It takes time.
And that was the ideal setting for that.
How about I'm beautiful on the inside?
Can I hear it?
ALL: I'm beautiful on the inside.
Chloe, your mom told me that you had a breakdown.
You told her you didn't want to dance anymore.
I just feel like it's a lot of rehearsal 'cause we're going from early in the morning to late at night, and we're learning new dances.
And I just feel like it's a lot.
Well, she thinks that you don't want to ever dance again.
I-- I just told my mom I wanted to take a little break for a while.
Well, that's OK.
Everybody needs a break once in a while.
And I think you were really born to dance.
Do you think I would be able to make it on Broadway or become a Rockette someday?
Absolutely.
But the confidence level needs to be over the top.
Look at me.
Look at where I am today.
I'm here because of my mom.
Now, this routine is from "Abby's Ultimate Dance Competition.
It's called "Mama, I Made It.
We've been climbing up the same damn wall, bleeding from our fingers, but we ain't gonna fall.
'Cause we know the clouds are gonna part someday.
Standing at the top, yeah, we're all gonna say, "Look, Mama, I made it.
I made it.
I made it.
Yeah.
Look, Mama, I made it.
I made it.
I made it.
Yeah.
We've been climbing up the same damn wall, bleeding from our fingers, but we ain't gonna fall.
'Cause we know the clouds are gonna part someday.
Standing at the top, yeah, we're all gonna say, "Look, Mama, I made it.
I made it.
I made it.
Yeah.
Look, Mama, I made it.
I made it.
I made it.
Yeah.
ANNOUNCER: Let's hear it for them.
Give it up for Abby's ultimate dancers.
And make some noise for the moms.
They wouldn't be here without the moms.
Make some noise, guys.
- Yes.
- There's a special bond between mothers and daughters.
All we've got in this world is each other.
My mom is having surgery.
We're here in Pittsburgh.
We have amazing hospitals here.
So I just wanted to get her the best care that she could get.
And now I'm a little concerned.
She's tough, and she's gonna get through this.
I just wish somebody would come and tell me something.
Some of the most touching mother-daughter moments are when these kids really do need their moms.
1 to 10, 10 being the highest, 1 being the lowest, what's the pain in this foot right now?
It would be a 7.
A 7's too high for me because that means you're feeling pain while you're dancing.
You're feeling pain more often than not.
Nia's has been treated for RND, which is reflexive neurovascular disorder, which is basically a pain management disorder.
Three summers ago, Nia woke up with excruciating pain.
Nia couldn't walk.
Nia was in a wheelchair.
She was hospital bound, came on suddenly.
Nia was basically out of dance.
My sense is that it reminds me when you were back in the hospital.
- Is that scaring you a little bit?
- Yeah.
Nia manages her pain really well on a regular basis, but if she's in a stressful situation it can become inflamed.
What do you think is stressing you out in particular?
I'm just kind of afraid my best isn't good enough right now.
You can't give up.
You, more than anyone else on that team, deserves a spot because you worked 10 times as hard.
No one else on that team was in a wheelchair.
You didn't know if you were ever going to dance, and now you're dancing.
You owe that to yourself, OK?
There's a special bond between mothers and daughters.
And if somebody is ill, or sick, you're there for them no matter what.
MELISSA: When I saw this gentleman carrying my daughter off, my heart sunk to my stomach.
I gotta go.
I gotta go.
Excuse me.
And I jumped off the bleachers, and I ran to her right away.
And I thought she broke a bone.
The worst performance I've ever done.
No.
Don't say that.
Come here.
It's OK.
Honey, it was beautiful.
- I thought you were supposed to do that.
- No.
I couldn't really move my leg, it hurt so bad.
I was nervous if I couldn't dance ever again.
Is Abby mad?
Maddie was so worried that Abby was gonna be mad at her because she did so poorly in her dance, which she didn't.
She said, "I danced terrible.
I fell on my hip.
On your hip.
On your hip?
- Yes.
- OK.
- - Where'd it hit?
- Right here.
- Right there?
Oh, baby.
I was going to do a dive .
And then I went for it, and it didn't work.
MELISSA: It's OK, honey.
Hey.
It's OK.
MELISSA: She said, "Miss Abby's gonna be mad at me.
I'm not going to be mad at you, sweetie, but you started to dive.
MELISSA: She was gonna dive.
I didn't because it was too slippery like-- I know.
And you started to dive, and then in the middle you second-guessed yourself, and you went-- you did a front toss.
Abby came in, and she felt so bad for Maddie.
- Any blood?
- No, not even a bruise.
OK, good.
We'll get up and walk around in just a minute when you feel good.
OK.
See, if you had a big butt and you landed on it, it wouldn't hurt.
Now, Melissa, she's no angel.
Do you remember when she stormed out of the studio with Mackenzie?
Not a flattering moment, Melissa.
What kind of clothes do you need to get, because I want to make sure I have my clothes.
- MELISSA: You didn't know about it?
- What clothes do you need?
MELISSA: Lunch for Nia, lunch for you.
- Why aren't you wearing your ring?
- Lunch for Nia and lunch for me?
- I'm not wearing it anymore.
- Why?
Just not.
Melissa still won't talk about her engagement, and now she's not wearing her ring.
What is going on here?
That hurt Greg's feelings then?
It's just how we're doing it.
That's too bad, because it's a happy thing.
And you should want to flash - your ring and show it off.
- Yeah, like I don't know why it's not-- I could try it out and see if I like it, so that way when I get mine made I'll know if that's the way I want it.
You know, once I put my engagement ring on, I don't think I ever took it off.
Did the girls say anything about it?
- You don't wear it, do they notice it?
- My God.
Seriously.
I don't know why the other moms are so nosy.
I think sometimes it's jealousy.
I'm really not sure.
I'm happy in my life.
Um, I think they need to worry about their children, and I'll worry about mine.
I'm not going this weekend, guys.
Abby, I'm sorry to interrupt you, but these people are starting this again.
So my kids and I are leaving, and we're not going this weekend.
Come on, Maddie.
Come on, Mackenzie.
We're leaving.
We're not coming this weekend.
Maddie's crying.
Maddie, we're really not going.
- We're not going.
- I knew it.
I knew that these other mothers would eventually push Melissa too far.
MELISSA: Abby, tell them.
Tell them now.
Maddie, I know you want to do this.
I am not doing this.
Maddie can go without me, if you're gonna take care of her.
- ABBY: I will take care of her.
- I am staying with Mackenzie.
I will go get your clothes.
Greg, please call your attorney.
These are doing this again.
- Thanks, Ab.
- Come on.
All we were doing was asking.
She tells us everything.
My mother has class.
She has style.
Growing up with my mom was like attending finishing school.
Let's talk about all that etiquette.
These kids, they put their feet all over the furniture.
When I grew up in our house-- You weren't allowed on the furniture.
I didn't dare put my feet on the furniture.
I got one look from you, and I knew.
- Yeah.
- Cut it out.
So I want you to tell me, what was your favorite routine from "Dance Moms?
- "Where Have All the Children Gone?
- I love that number.
I know.
You know what it reminded me of?
- What?
- When you used to get lost on purpose.
I'd hear your name on the loudspeaker-- "Abby Miller, lost.
And I'm thinking, "Oh, my God.
She got lost.
I wanted to come out, like ta-da, here I am.
ANNOUNCER: Please welcome to the stage "Where Have All the Children Gone?
The creaking silence of age that goes through the streets, sounds like old wooden floors under heavy feet.
All of the children once running around have evacuated, or maybe they just disappeared.
Where have all the children gone?
Just yesterday, they were tying ribbons in trees and swinging from the branches.
Maybe this is just a dream.
Maybe we are sleeping in rooms filled with metal shells.
If we put our ears to those shells, where have all the children gone?
But we know this is really happening.
Where have all the children gone?
I've had a lot of favorites throughout the years, but a dancer like Maddie doesn't come along too often.
She has the talent, and she also has the drive, the dedication, the discipline.
Right here, babe.
I'm taking Maddie to lunch because Melissa's not around.
And all the moms are doing stuff with their children, so I thought we would go to lunch together and talk about her career, talk about what she wants in the future.
What else do you want to do?
You just keep winning everything.
I want to be on Broadway.
You want to be on Broadway?
What about like here?
We're in LA.
Like, you don't think you could be in a movie?
I really see Maddie having a future.
She could have her own television show.
You know, she has it all.
She has what it takes, and she wants it.
She's a nice little girl.
- She is a nice little girl.
- MARYEN: And she's nice-- - On stage.
Yes.
- On stage, off stage.
And she's always the one hugging everybody and wishing them luck before they go out on stage.
She reminds me of Shirley Temple a lot, because Shirley Temple had nothing bad to say about anybody.
And Maddie's like that.
She's-- She's always praising everybody else.
That's a very nice compliment.
Maddie said thank you on the way out.
She knows her Ps and Qs without you saying, tell Mrs.
Miller thank you, tell this to do this, do that, do that.
She knows to go do it.
That's special.
She's very obedient, and she listens.
She's got a brain like a sponge.
- Mm-hmm.
I agree.
- She's doing this.
She's doing that.
All of a sudden I see Shirley Temple.
Wow, this kid became something, became something.
So you know.
And look at her now.
- I think Maddie has it all.
- Uh-huh.
The problem with the other kids is they want instant gratification.
They want to work this much and win everything.
- Yeah.
- Instead of working and winning.
They have it backwards.
And one kid that had all the talent in the world but didn't have the desire, the dedication, or the drive was Brooke.
- Goodbye.
- WOMAN: Bye.
BROOKE: I invited Miss Abby to come out with me so I can tell her that I want to come back to dance.
Cheerleading just wasn't my thing.
Abby was really upset.
I don't know if she's going to take me back, but I hope she does.
So.
Um-- I tried cheerleading.
And I was wondering if I could come back to dance.
It's just not that easy, Brooke.
You stab everybody in the back.
You slapped me in the face.
She should've opened her mouth and said, "Let somebody else be at the top of the pyramid.
She's screwing me.
I can feel it.
I just wanted to try it out to make sure dance is what I wanted to do.
What my problem with that was that you didn't speak up and say something ahead of time.
And I mean, you just didn't show up.
You let a lot of people down.
You let me down.
I'm very torn about this decision.
She let the team down.
She has lost trust.
And Brooke broke my heart.
My biggest disappointment, I think, too would be that you just didn't want to dance.
You have a God-given talent.
Don't throw it away, honey.
Brooke was born to dance, and I have invested my time and my energy into this kid for it to go unnoticed and just disappear.
I'm not gonna let that happen.
I think you have a lot to offer to the team.
You're gonna have to really prove yourself.
BROOKE: Abby finally said she would be glad to have me back in the Abby Lee Dance Company.
I was very happy, and I'm never gonna let her down again.
Nothing like a little tea and sympathy.
I love Brooke.
We have a great relationship, even if she is her mother's daughter.
Every once in a while, even questionable mothers have their moment of glory.
One particular moment is Jill comforting her daughter Kendall.
I'm so sorry, honey.
I know.
It'll never ever work.
It'll never work.
OK.
It's OK.
I'm trying so hard.
But as good as my moms can sometimes be, they're really much better at disappointing me.
I cannot believe it.
These moms are ridiculous.
They are in a bar drinking, and their kid needs to be on stage in 20 minutes-- bad parenting 101.
MOM: Good lord.
Hey.
What's going on?
We're having a cocktail.
- Am I babysitting?
- Do you want a drink?
No, no.
I don't drink while I'm working.
Are you two good to go?
- Yeah, we're gonna leave in a minute.
- All right.
We're double fisted.
It's not good.
I don't double fist when I'm with my kids.
I double fist when I'm in college.
This has been a magnificent Mother's Day.
Mom, I am so happy and so fortunate that we had this time together.
And after 85 years, you are proof that beauty is timeless.
Beauty really is timeless.
ANNOUNCER: This is "My Beauty.
So this is me.
This is you up close and true.
Let's all be so bright and new.
Oh, how good it feels to be beautiful.
How wonderful it feels to be beautiful.
Say hello to your reflection.
See yourself, your true perfection.
Oh, you know just who you are.
You're meant to be.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
How wonderful it feels to be beautiful.
Oh, how good it feels to be beautiful.
How wonderful it feels to be beautiful.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Mom, look at your wedding pictures.
You two look like movie stars.
Look at Dad.
- Yeah.
Uh-huh.
- He's like Cary Grant.
Well, that dress, I have to tell you, it was borrowed.
- And he had to rent his-- - Tux.
- Yeah.
- Why didn't you buy a fabulous-- Because I really didn't even wanna get this dress or any dress.
And so the woman that did our costumes, she said, "I have three wedding gowns I can get you, and they're all of my nieces".
So three daughters, three different daughters, which dress did I want?
And that's the one I chose.
So.
- And I love the big Cadillac limousine.
- MARYEN: Uh-huh.
You always drove a Cadillac.
- Didn't you?
- Yeah, yeah.
I know that I was more of a daddy's girl, right?
He ultimately passed away from cancer.
He used every experimental drug.
You know that.
He did the chemo.
He did the radiation.
He did this operation and that operation.
He fought.
He fought long, and he fought hard.
It's OK.
My dad fought a good fight, but in the end he died of esophageal cancer.
Today, I sit here with my mom.
I just hope that I made you proud, because you have made me what I am today.
Oh, bless your heart.
- And I thank you.
- You're welcome.
I hope that everyone has enjoyed meeting my mom, Maryen Lorrain.
I want to thank you all for sharing our wonderful day.
Happy Mother's Day.
