ABBY : Previously, on "Dance Moms.
'Cause you're not really on the team.
I'm on this team.
Well, you weren't on the team back then.
But I am now.
I don't know what we're going to do with her now.
Aw.
What are you here for?
For Asia to dance with the team, or to learn from Abby?
She did amazing in last week's crew.
Asia's already proved herself.
What I'm telling you is between you and I.
Right now, you are hurting my daughter.
I more a part of this team than you will ever be.
When opportunity comes knocking, you better take advantage of it.
Shame on you.
ABBY : Coming up on "Dance Moms.
So is Abby here?
- I don't know.
ABBY : Gianna?
Abby?
One, two, three, Gia's girls.
- You're a fill-in.
- No, I'm here.
I texted her, and she said you will be fired from this dance studio if you choreograph that dance.
I don't care where the she works.
Whoa, oh, oh.
She has made it clear she doesn't care about our kids or her team.
Brooke, there's nothing we can do.
Don't cry.
Come on.
Get up, get on the floor.
My world is with my girls.
Living on the dance floor.
Hi, G.
Oh, it's cold in here.
Good morning.
GIANNA: Good morning, guys.
- Hi.
Good morning.
GIANNA: Hey, girl.
- Where's your friend?
Not here yet.
Ooh.
- Hi, Gia.
GIANNA: Hi.
Good morning.
- Hello, Gia.
GIANNA: Hi.
I walk into the studio, and Gia's sitting at the front desk, and I just assume that Abby's at a headband sale somewhere.
- Yeah.
- Where's Ab, I wonder.
I don't know.
I asked Gianna, I was like hey, you're here by yourself.
She was, yeah, Abby's not here yet.
Over the past three days Mrs.
Miller has not been well.
- Oh, you're kidding.
- Mnm-mnm.
Abby's mom is very, very ill, and getting sicker and sicker by the day.
But it's not like Abby not to show up, so I'm really concerned that something's really wrong.
- So is Abby here?
- I don't know.
Is she going to come and help with the rehearsal?
- Hey, Ab.
It's Gia.
- And Rachel.
Just wondering where you were.
We have to order costumes for the group dance in 44 minutes now, because they're coming from St.
Louis, and there's a holiday tomorrow.
So-- --we don't know where you are, but we hope you're on the way.
If Abby doesn't show up today, I don't know what I'm going to do.
She has to pick costumes and assign solos.
I can't make those decisions without her.
She doesn't have to tell us all of her personal details, but if she's not going to be here for pyramid, it's just professionalism, that's all.
She has a business.
And it's not being harsh or cruel, just-- I don't really know anything though, so I don't have anything to tell them.
- Right.
- And so there's no pyramid today.
Maybe you should start the group part, since you know there's a group.
That's what I said.
- We need to cut it out.
- There she is.
GIANNA: Hi, guys.
- Hi.
Did you hear from Abby?
Okay.
When you and Gia met.
I'm just going to start the group.
I have the group music.
- Oh.
WOMAN: That's good.
It's called "Just Be.
It's pretty lyrical, it's not hard.
- And James is here to help me.
WOMAN: Oh.
So-- WOMAN: Do you know where we're going this weekend?
No.
But wherever we're going, we have to have a group dance, so-- - So true.
- Okay.
- Come on.
- All right.
Work hard, girls.
Be safe.
Thank you, Gianna.
HOLLY: Still no Abby, but at least we have Gia and James, and they are Abby's best teachers.
And we also have a group song, so I guess that's a start.
You guys do realize Abby's not here.
We don't know when she's coming.
I brought James in special to help me today because Abby's least not here.
Please pay attention.
You guys give Abby that respect, so please give us that respect.
- Okay?
GIRLS: Okay.
Do we know the theme?
We don't know the theme.
The theme is called, "abandoned".
- Stop.
- What?
It's true, we're abandoned.
- It's not called abandoned.
- It's all right.
It's called, "I left you on the steps of a fire station in the little basket.
You're abandoned.
Abby always talks about loyalty and dedication to the team, and here are these kids working their butts off, and their teacher doesn't even have the decency to show up.
I think the kids are fine with no pyramid.
However, I think they want to know who's doing what.
Yeah, I agree with that.
Who's doing a solo, where the heck are we going, who are we going to go up against, what what's going on?
I mean, that's what we like pyramid most is-- - Right.
- --is to find out-- --it's an information session.
--what's happening.
Gia said that she was working on the group dance, but what about the other dances?
You think Abby will give Gia the authority to pass out solos and duets?
I don't think Gianna would do anything on her own without checking with Abby.
No, I don't either.
Maybe there aren't any, don't know.
WOMAN: Okay, who do you think has solos?
I think Payton's going to do a solo, too.
I think it's going to be Payton and Maddie.
- Oh, maybe it will be Payton.
- I think Patton and Maddie.
We all want our kids to have solos.
Maddie hasn't had a solo in weeks, Payton hasn't had a solo the entire time she's been on the team, Kristie Ray threatened to quit last week if Asia didn't get a solo.
If Abby doesn't assign these solos I really hope that Gia can handle the wrath of the mother of whoever doesn't get one.
I just want Asia to dance, that's why I'm here.
I want her to dance, that's why we're here.
That's what we all want.
I don't blame you Kristie, though.
If you're not getting what you want you got to fly.
So wait, you're saying that she should have a solo in the group every week?
She's done two weeks in a row, ma-zing in of groups.
She deserves a solo.
Asia hadn't trained with us all summer, never came to camp-- So, you went with Candy Apple.
I think out of all the girls, Asia is the last person that should have a solo this week.
She's only had a million already, and Asia's not here all the time.
Asia's going to work-- let me get let me get this straight to you.
Asia's going to work, and take jobs, and train whenever she can.
So if you have a problem with that-- - I don't have a problem with that.
- Well, obviously you do.
You just said, you weren't here, so you have a problem with it.
If you're telling me that you-- Did you not hear me say-- I didn't hear you because you're-- --I had a problem with where she was on the pyramid.
I don't care where the she works.
- Excuse me?
- Now did you hear me?
Whoa, oh, oh.
- Why did you say it?
- Look at.
- Jill dropped the F bomb.
- You're screwed in the head No, you're a hot mess, because now you're dropping F bombs.
Well, okay, I think you're a hot mess.
You only get mad when you're wrong.
Nope.
GIANNA: The group routine this week is called "Just Be.
I'm going to keep it very simple, very elegant.
James is a very unique choreographer, and I'm so excited that he is helping me this week.
And hopefully Abby will be appreciative, and not fire me for doing our own choreography.
Let me see it now, without Asia and Mackenzie.
- Who are you calling?
- I'm calling Kelly.
- Why?
- Because.
I don't know owe you an explanation.
No, you don't.
But I think it's rude.
- Kelly?
KELLY : Hello?
- Hi.
CHRISTI: Hi, Kel.
KELLY : Hi.
I'm just calling to let you know that Abby is not here.
I don't know where she is but anyhow, the girls are learning a group dance and since you made your statement that you're back on the team-- LESLIE : Like Rosa Parks, I'm not moving.
KELLY : I'm either sitting there, or I'll go home LESLIE : Bye.
CHRISTI: I don't know if you have plans for your girls to dance this week, but if you do or if you want them to learn the dance, I would suggest that you-- WOMAN: Come on down.
- --get here.
CHRISTI: All right.
I'll talk to you later.
Kelly can come back right now because Abby's not here so she's not facing that big fight at the front door and her girls can come and dance, which is all Kelly really wanted in the first place.
Christi, what makes you think you have the right to invite Kelly and the kids back here, when Abby is just-- - I-- I didn't invite her.
- -- away for the moment?
I was telling her what was going on as far as I'm concerned, those kids were still on the pyramid, they're still part of this team.
I'm giving her the information.
What she does with it is up to her.
- But your name is not Abby.
CHRISTI: I didn't say it was.
She did not allow them back on the-- CHRISTI: .
--you're really crossing the line, here.
Does anybody think I'm crossing the line?
Uh, no, I don't, but Abby might.
I don't think Kelly should come in here, because I think Abby would freak.
MELISSA: I understand why Kristie thinks now is a good time for Kelly to bring her girls back onto the team.
I mean, she knows how upset Abby would be if she brought back her kids without permission.
If Gia and James don't want them in there, they're going to tell him to leave, so-- Gia knows better to-- I don't think Abby's expecting it to happen, so-- --to do that.
--I'm sure she didn't cover this with Gia.
Gia's not going to know what to do.
- She might not even come.
- Right.
- We may be worrying about nothing.
KELLY: I always come back to this studio because my girls miss their family.
These girls are like sisters.
They have been together since they were three years old.
And as much as Abby doesn't like it, we are part of this team.
I'm just really not looking forward to talking to that woman.
Excuse me.
My kids are here to learn the group dance.
GIANNA: Okay.
I'm already stressed out enough with Abby not showing up, and now Kelly walks in the door.
If I stop Kelly from entering, it'll be a huge blow out with the moms, and I don't have time for that.
WOMAN: Ah!
Ah!
GIRL: Boom!
KELLY: Well, hello.
WOMAN: - Ah.
- New carpet.
Where you sitting?
WOMAN: - Doesn't smell good, but I'm getting by-- What are you moving over for?
My seat's over here.
I'm not moving.
LESLIE: Payton has earned her spot on this team.
Being on the elite competition team is a great opportunity for any dancer, and Kelly is not going to take that away from my daughter.
I just want Payton to feel welcomed here, and not feel awkward and uncomfortable.
And I have not done anything to make Payton feel uncomfortable.
You just showing up makes her feel uncomfortable.
- Well, that's not my problem.
- Do you blame her, though?
KELLY: No.
Every time you did show up, she was kicked back off the team.
It's Abby's decision.
KELLY: I don't pick who gets to be on the team.
- But it's not going to change.
- So she should be upset with Abby-- LESLIE: It's not going to change-- - --not me.
LESLIE: --again, so you're going to walk back in here.
But that's not my fault.
I think Leslie is just very desperate to be part of this team.
But Abby continues to tell her, you're not part of the team, you're filling in.
When Abby comes in yelling, this is between you two.
She keeps saying it's my fault.
I think it's your fault.
I think you guys are starting trouble and it's unnecessary.
I told Abby I was coming back to the team, at the competition.
LESLIE: But she's not here.
I don't care.
LESLIE: But If she is here-- KELLY: When she is here, I will still be sitting here.
If she was here she would probably have you removed.
She can try.
HOLLY: Hello..
GIANNA: Good morning.
HOLLY: You're by yourself again?
ABBY : Gianna?
Abby.
Guys, she's not coming.
I guess that answers my question.
I was just going to ask you, is she here?
Now, the first day of not having Abby present was pretty good.
It's like having a substitute teacher, you're really happy about that.
Day two, I'm not too sure.
She needs to come home, she needs to do her job.
GIRLS: Hello.
- Hi.
Kids, you want to come in and start stretching?
GIRLS: Yes.
Moms, why don't you guys come in too so I can tell you a little bit about this weekend.
After Abby hung up on me, I got a text from her about this week's competition.
I guess whatever Abby is going through this week she doesn't want to talk.
As you guys know, Abby's still not here.
I don't know if she's coming.
I don't know if she's coming back today.
I really don't think it's fair what Abby's doing to Gianna.
She left her high and dry.
Gianna is just stepping in and making sure that these kids are getting what they need this week because Abby doesn't care to do it.
I tried to call her, she hung up on me.
Did Abby give you any instructions about this week, at all?
We're going to Believe Talent Competition, in San dusky, Ohio.
It's a fun one.
It's a good one.
As far as I know, all nine of you are going to be in the group dance this week.
JILL: Nine kids.
That's a lot, so Gianna has her work cut out for her.
Asia, you're having a solo this week.
It's a jazz routine, called "Lightning.
Asia has a solo, and she should.
She has not lost once in the solo category.
And the second solo is Maddie.
Those are all the routines that Abby gave me.
Because there's only three numbers, and we usually have four, is there any way I could have a solo?
- Have you asked Abby?
- No.
Gianna announces that there's only three dances, and normally we take four, and Abby's not here, so I just feel like this is a perfect opportunity for Brooke to ask for a solo.
We can maybe work something out, but I can't do anything without talking to her first.
You know what?
If Abby comes back and she takes it away from her, I'm fine with that.
But at least Brooke tried.
The night hides changes, Rearranges-- GIANNA: Asia, your feet.
I want this to-- You know, I can't really say I'm all that sad Abby's not here.
Saying that you miss Abby when she's not here is like saying you miss a hemorrhoid.
Do you really?
- I'm sad for her mom-- - Very much.
--but But I'm disappointed that Abby doesn't call us.
We don't know.
Well, she did the same thing with Broadway Baby.
I know, but did she hang up on Gia, really?
- Yeah, she did.
- Well, she told us she did.
- Leslie was there with me.
I think she's always been there for Gia, so she's really going through a lot with her mother for her not to even take Gia's phone calls.
All we want is a phone call.
Where are you?
Are you coming back?
But nothing.
No word.
0 from Abby.
I was there when Abby was on the phone with Gianna, and just as easily as she could have said, Hello, make sure you run the group dance, I can't make it, instead she hung up.
That's not professional and it's not responsible.
Give her a brief explanation.
Something's come up, I can't make it, take care of the group dance and the two solos.
- No, three solos.
- Three solos?
Oh.
- How about you?
- That's a surprise.
- How about you?
- That's right.
I would've been the same way-- Yeah.
Kelly, can I just say, I would take baby steps if I were you.
Yeah, I know.
You're pretty gutsy.
Any one of those kids could've asked for a solo, they just didn't raise their hand.
Okay, it has to look like that on stage, please, please, please, please, please, please.
This is the first time we're going to a competition without Abby, and it's a really big deal.
It's going to be tough, but I think we can do it.
GIRLS: One, two, three.
GIANNA: Okay, you're done.
GIRLS: Thank you.
Is Abby with her mother?
I don't know.
Well, you are the only one who speaks to her.
Why don't you find out?
Obviously, Abby is with her mother.
I'll call her.
LESLIE: It would probably be better if Melissa called her.
Abby is probably in L.A.
scouting a new studio to get away from these crazy moms.
I'd like to be a fly on the wall when she looks down and sees your name on her caller ID.
I have a sneaky suspicion that Abby is off with that creepy werewolf guy that she has been seeing.
WOMAN : At the tone, please record your message.
Hi, Abby it's Kelly.
I just wanted to let you know that we had asked Gianna if Brooke was able to do a solo, and she said we had to get approval from you first.
So if you could give Gianna a call and let her know if she's allowed or not, I would appreciate it.
Thanks, bye.
HOLLY: The only thing I wish I could see Abby's face when she gets that message.
You know what you guys, I am not going to let her scare me.
She doesn't scare me.
I can handle whatever Abby wants to do with me, I don't care.
GIANNA: Hey, girl.
Ready?
When I talked to Abby last, she was talking about your emotions, and she said every week she sees the same face.
So she gave me this piece of music that is so powerful, we need to pull more out.
More emotion.
I need more connection with the audience, not the same old face.
Okay?
Maddie is performing a lyrical or routine this week to "Holding On.
It's a very emotional piece.
I know that Abby says she hasn't been connecting with the audience recently, so I'm making sure that this is extra emotional, that she can give something more than just a typical Maddie solo.
More.
Because-- Good.
So you guys know that my kids are involved in the Starlight Foundation-- - Uh-huh.
--and this little girl-- I was going to invite her to come watch because she said that our kids inspire her.
Hi, Laurie it's Melissa.
Hello.
LORI : Hello, everyone.
- Hello.
- Hi.
So we wanted to see if you and your daughter can come to the studio tomorrow, and come to the competition on Saturday?
- Oh, that's so great.
WOMAN: Great.
Awesome.
Maddie can dance for Hannah and get connected again.
She's going to be an inspiration for Maddie.
- So we'll see you tomorrow.
Okay.
GIANNA: Well, don't have to see anything else, you're good for today.
Good.
- Really good.
HANNAH: Thank you.
Does anybody follow Abby on Instagram?
Abby just put a picture of herself up on Instagram.
Oh, so that's really recent.
But I love how she's not with her mom.
Maybe she's at a meet-and-greet.
True.
True.
I thought it was her mom.
It looks like-- - Yeah, it's not her mom.
--she's somewhere fun.
Abby's all about making money.
If some competition dangles cash in front of her to go judge a competition, she'll be there.
MELISSA: Hey, girls, I'm going to go downstairs real quick.
I'm going to go talk to Gianna about these costumes and I'm going to see if I can go get some appliques.
- Oh, okay, good.
- I'll be right back.
WOMAN: Okay.
Thanks.
HOLLY: Thank you.
Hi, G.
Hi.
Has Kelly said anything upstairs about Brooke's solo?
Yeah.
I mean, I don't know what to do.
I feel so bad.
Well, I-- you know I asked Abby.
Oh, you did?
I texted her, and she said that you will be fired from this dance studio if you choreograph that dance.
Oh, honey.
I just-- it's just putting you in a really bad situation.
- I know.
I know.
It's okay, okay?
It's okay.
I'll call-- MELISSA: Abby said if Gianna and teaches Brooke a solo, she's going to fire her.
I don't know what to do.
It's really tough saying Gianna cry because she's the rock, and it's just really hard on me.
We'll get this worked out, okay?
We need you here.
Gia, we need you.
] I did talk to Abby last night, and she didn't say much about whether you're dancing, whether you're not dancing.
So, let's have something prepared, but if she really doesn't want you to dance, then she'll scratch it.
I actually think it's great that Gia is choreographing a solo for Brooke-- It's great that she picks up and leaves this team constantly, and it's great that she walks back in here when Abby does not want her back and her daughter gets a solo.
That's great.
How does somebody that gets thrown off the team, leaves time and time again, and walks back in here, and is told that Gia will lose her job if this child has a solo, how does she still get a solo?
It's not fair.
This problem is between Abby and I, and my kids have been here since they were three years old, so we're not going anywhere.
You're disappointed Brooke as a solo, we're all happy Brooke-- - I'm disappointed-- - --has a solo.
- -- that-- So who is the bad guy, Leslie?
I'm disappointed that you can break rules, you don't have to follow anybody's authority around here, and you still get to come out on top.
CHRISTI: Wait a minute.
- Because you know what?
The only person Breaking a rule this week is Abby, because she's not here.
I will not leave this team on my own.
The only way I'll leave this team is if Abby kicks me off.
You're not running me out like you done every other woman that has sat up here with her child to try to get the same opportunities as you have.
Leslie is trying to pretend that she is the victim, but any animosity that the moms have towards her, Leslie brought on herself.
I keep moving, Going through the motions.
BROOKE: My solo this week is a contemporary number.
And Abby and the moms are constantly fighting, so my song and my dance are about that.
Everybody's watching but nobody knows who I am.
Just step up to the corner.
'Cause I-- - Finish the turn.
So, Kel, how do you feel about Brooke doing a solo to her own song?
- I think it's amazing.
LESLIE: I don't know what she's-- - I'm excited.
- What is that song about?
I personally think it's a lot about Abby.
It talks about her hurting, and how she keeps dancing to get through it, and-- Yeah.
Obviously, emotional hurt, or physical?
HOLLY: Both.
- Well, both.
I'll just keep moving-- GIANNA: Go to that corner.
Chainé out of it.
Down, down.
Just waiting for you.
Up.
Hi Abby, it's Leslie.
I'm here watching Brooke do a solo and even though Kelly shouldn't be here, you didn't allow her back from what I know of.
So could you please get back to me as soon as possible?
Thank you.
Leslie, why are you so upset about the solo?
What do you do when Gia gets fired?
I told Gia when I walked in here, do not choreograph my daughter a solo-- LESLIE: But you forget-- KELLY: --if you're going to lose your job.
But you forget, you're the one that asked for a solo-- KELLY: So did you.
- -- knowing that Brooke would get one.
KELLY: So did you.
- But I've been here.
- You're a fill-in.
- No, I'm here.
- You're a fill-in.
Leslie really wants Kelly's spot, and she really wants to be on the team, and Payton really deserves to be on the team, and Leslie really is already part of the team, and she's on the team, and she doesn't want to be on the team if we're on the team.
So she doesn't want us on the team so she can be on the team.
We're going to run through your dance a couple of times.
Okay.
- This is the last day - Uh-huh.
There's no time for forgetting, okay?
- Yeah.
- Let's go.
Some days I'm walking down the street and I can hear the-- - There you go.
- -- hear the party.
- There's a party-- - Straighten your front knee.
-- party burning-- Asia is performing a jazz routine to "Lightening" this week.
-- and I want to get a party-- I put all of her tricks in it.
I want her to be as prepared as she can be when nationals comes.
- Careful.
- -- on my street.
I will hit you just like lightning.
Hit you just like lightning when I come on over.
That was almost nationals ready.
Oh.
Oh, I just got a text from Hannah's mom, Lori.
- Oh, good.
- So I'm going to go get her.
My connection with Starlight sent me a letter regarding Hannah, saying that she really wanted to meet Maddie because she watches Maddie's videos on YouTube.
Hi, Hannah.
- Hi.
- I'm Melissa - Hi.
- Nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you, too.
- We're so glad you're here.
My husband and I always teach our kids that you have to serve.
WOMEN: Hi.
- Give you a hug.
- Hi.
- It's so nice to meet you.
- You too.
Thank you for coming.
HOLLY: We're Glad you made it.
HANNAH: And where are you guys from?
What part of-- LORI: Greensburg.
- She lives in Greensburg.
Oh, that's out my way.
So it's really important to teach our kids to help others.
Hi, guys.
Are we allowed to come in, Gia?
GIANNA: Yeah.
- This is Hannah.
- This is Lori, this is Maddie.
MADDIE: Hi.
GIANNA: Hello.
Hannah actually has-- can you pronounce it for me?
Shari-- LORI: Chiari malformation.
She had brain surgery whenever she was 2 and 1/2.
She was very sick, and she would just stop breathing all the time.
It was great giving Hannah the chance to meet Maddie and see her dance.
MELISSA: I'll never forget the look on her face.
-- down-- GIANNA: And bring your right leg up.
- Looking on you-- And you know to ball changes.
Meeting Hannah, I think she's a great girl, and super nice.
And that just reminds me how lucky I am to be able to dance.
Wait a minute.
I just got a text from Abby.
Nah-uh.
The first line says, read out loud, with three exclamation marks.
It says, Yes I did call Gianna back, and I did tell her that Brooke should not do a solo, nor be in this group dance.
I heard, to quote Gianna, saying she couldn't do the choreography in the senior group.
She's talking out of her-- FYI, Payton can do a solo.
Leslie, I am not pulling Brooke's solo to make room for your daughter.
This is the one time it didn't work out for your daughter, Brooke.
- One-- KELLY: off, Leslie.
-- time that she did not work out-- KELLY: Get the out of my face.
LESLIE: And don't say that language right in my face.
KELLY: I'll say whatever the hell I want to say.
- Go.
- Who the hell do you think you are?
My child's mother.
I don't care who you are.
Don't take your frustration on Abby out on me.
Ask Payton to do a solo.
What's the matter, you didn't get what you wanted?
You've been spoiled all your life.
Yeah, at least I'm not a hoodlum, like you.
- I'm not a hoodlum.
I don't say the F word every two seconds like you do, you trash mouth.
I don't go to court for broken beer bottles on people's heads either.
Don't turn it around on me because you didn't get what you wanted, once, for your child.
KELLY: Shut up.
No.
Don't tell me to shut up.
- Well, then don't talk to me.
- I'm scared of you being in my face, Leslie.
I don't care.
I'm-- - And telling me-- - -- don't sit next to me.
- -- I shouldn't be here.
- Then go sit down there.
- I should be here.
- Then go sit down there.
- No.
That's my seat.
- Well, I'm in it.
- You go sit down there.
- I'm in it.
Move me.
- Move me.
- I've never asked you-- - I want you to try to move me.
- Okay.
AUDIENCE: Abby, Abby, Woo, Abby, Abby.
You guys coming in?
Oh, good.
GIANNA: We're in San dusky, Ohio at Believe Talent Competition.
This week Abby's not with us, but we're still here to win, and I'm here to take this team to the top.
Oh, we have lots of chairs.
Kendall, start getting your makeup out and the hairbrush.
I heard a couple of people ask where was Abby.
Yeah.
You know what?
Abby's not here.
I do hope she shows up, too.
I want her to be here today, because that's why I am here.
Did Abby ever text you back, Leslie?
Never text me back to tell me if she was coming today or not.
Is Payton doing a solo?
No.
How could she do a solo?
She didn't practice a solo.
Well, neither did Brooke.
Brooke learned it the same day.
Brooke learned it in 15 minutes.
And Brooke said Payton has her solo costume in the room.
I don't understand why you're asking that.
Isn't your daughter, Brooke, doing a solo?
Yes.
Well, then how are they both doing as solo, then?
- Well, you have .
- Why can't she?
You know, you want Payton to have opportunities, well it sounds like you have more opportunities than anybody.
I just don't understand why we are a threat to you.
Oh, you're not a threat to me, Leslie.
- Well, then-- - I'm just pointing out that you're-- - -- you know what?
Then hush.
- I don't need to hush.
- I don't need to hear your comments.
- You made such a big deal-- In no way, shape, or form am I a threat to you-- Not at all.
-- so I don't understand the smart comment.
You complaining constantly, I'm what you want.
The smart comments, is that you're a smart ass is what you are.
Excuse you, in front of the children.
JILL: No one said she wasn't on the team.
No, you didn't say anything.
Why are you barking at me?
I just asked-- I'm not saying one more word.
Because the next time somebody says I'm barking, I am not saying a word.
CHRISTI: Leslie is like a fricking psycho cyclone.
Payton should be on the team.
Can I be on the team?
I want be on the team?
But I didn't say I want to be on the team, you said I wanted to be on the team.
But I wanted to be on the team, but you didn't say I wanted to be on the team.
Christi, why don't you want me on the team?
MELISSA: Oh, there's Hannah.
- Hey.
- Hi, guys.
- Hi.
Oh, my gosh.
You look adorable.
Oh, we're excited to be here.
Hannah and Lori are in our dressing room today because Hannah really wanted to meet Maddie, and Melissa wanted the two of them to kind of inspire each other.
- Maddie.
- Hi.
Look how pretty that piece is.
a chair.
Thank you for coming today.
Thanks for having me.
This dance is dedicated to you, so.
You're an inspiration to our kids.
You can't jump on a trampoline, can you?
- Not really.
- Aw.
Honey, don't cry.
You seem so healthy.
You can go everywhere, and you can swim, right?
You want to go swimming with us tonight?
Okay.
Our girls are so fortunate.
They can do whatever they want.
They can jump on a trampoline, they can jump.
Hannah can't do all those things.
- Thank you for coming.
Thanks for having me.
- I'll walk you out.
- See you there.
- Bye.
- All.
Right Let's go.
KRISTIE: I'm excited.
And I make it known, Asia has a solo, and she should.
She has not lost once in the solo category.
ANNOUNCER: Coming up next, it's going to be entry six A.
Entry, six alpha.
Put your hands together for Asia, performing "Lightning.
Some days I'm walking down the street and I can hear the, hear the party.
There's a fire, fire burning, makes me feel a little naughty.
And I want to get a part of that, give me some heat.
When I come on over I might roll that street.
I will hit you just like lightning, hit you just like lightning.
When I come on over-- - Get it, girl.
- -- it's a roller coaster coming.
Get a spark of lightning, I don't feel like fighting.
I set your world on fire, baby, you go, I go.
- On and on.
- Woo!
I will hit you just like lightning.
Hit you just like lightning.
When I come on over it's a roller coaster coming.
Get a spark off.
You go I go.
Woo!
She did a good job.
best solo ever.
Maddie decided to dedicate her solo to Hannah, which I thought was really sweet.
I think having Hannah here is going to definitely help Maddie connect with the audience.
I think she's going to dance from her heart, and for Hannah.
ANNOUNCER: Coming up next, it's going to be entry 34.
This is Maddie, performing "Hold On.
Woo!
I guess you have your whole life planned out.
I look in the mirror, and I start to break down.
Broken pieces of my heart on the floor.
Will you help me, 'cause I can't take it anymore.
And I need you somewhere holding on.
Everyday I pray, everyday I wait on you.
And tell me where do I begin?
Take for granted all that we're given.
No matter what happens, You make my life so complete now I'm giving all of my love in my heart and my spirit.
I need you, soon.
When I feel loose, you're still holding on too.
Holding on too.
I thought the kids looked great.
I thought Maddie looked great.
I thought Asia looked great.
I wish Abby was here because they did amazing-- - That's the thing-- - -- under that pressure.
-- Abby doesn't want to be here, or she would've been here.
This is her dance team, and she owes them the respect that she should be present.
We have all made sacrifices to be here, and there are places that we all could be with their family.
She has made it clear she doesn't care about our kids or her team.
Why do we wish you were here?
Woo!
Congratulations.
Good job.
Good job, angel.
- You did good.
- Yeah.
- You did your corrections?
- Yeah.
- You killed that one.
Kiss.
- You did beautifully.
- Thank you.
But at the end, did you look at her?
Because it looked like when you were finished, she was like, she looked at me.
When you were finished and you smile?
Yeah.
MELISSA: Can I have my phone, in my purse?
Who you go calling?
- Abby.
- Oh, good.
I thought we would draw straws, who got the shortest stick to your call her.
Why don't I call her.
Hello.
We're all getting ready for a competition.
ABBY : - Where are you, Abby?
Oh, you're in Orlando.
When are you coming home?
Abby?
Were you serious when you said Payton could have a solo?
Okay.
Brooke is doing a solo.
And Patton hasn't-- I think we got disconnected.
KELLY: It doesn't matter she wants us here, Brooke.
Even when Abby's not here, she still finds a way to mess with these girls.
Don't cry.
Look, there's nothing we can do.
Whatever relationship I could have had with Abby is gone.
Don't cry.
Come on.
] Hello.
All of our kids are in the dressing room.
We're all getting ready for a competition.
When are you coming home to us?
Even when Abby's not here she still finds a way to mess with these girls.
LESLIE: So then-- You know Abby doesn't mean what she's saying.
She loves you, Brooke.
She talks about you all the time.
Prove to her that you deserve to be on this team.
No.
I would never make you do something I didn't think you should do.
You know I would never do something like that.
Brooke, you can do this.
I've watched you do your dance.
- Brooke, you know it.
- No.
You don't even need an hour to learn the dance, you just go on stage and you're beautiful.
You have almost two hours.
Just do it.
I'm not really sure about doing this dance because Abby already hates us, and she's probably going to hate me more after doing this dance, but yeah.
What if nobody even likes my song?
ANNOUNCER: Coming up next, it's going to be entry 36.
Entry 3-6, competing for a title.
Who's on the stage?
Brooke, performing her own song, "I Hurt.
Woo!
I keep moving, going through the motions.
Step by step, doing what I'm told.
The lights are on me, everybody's watching, but nobody knows who I am.
'Cause I hurt, yeah I hurt all over my body.
I dance, I just dance to get through.
Yeah, I hurt, yeah, it hurts all over my body for you.
Woo!
I'm very proud of Brooke, under the circumstances.
She had 15 minutes to learn this dance.
She was dancing to her own song.
And before she went on stage she sat and listened to Abby say horrible things about her, and I'm very proud of her.
JILL: I still want you to-- KELLY: G, how great-- you guys, how great would it feel to win first place?
I hope so.
And Abby hasn't been here all week.
Abby hasn't done a single thing.
This would be on you and Gia.
And this dance is different, you guys.
This dance is going to be something that they haven't seen yet today.
I can guarantee you that.
Gia, would you take all nine kids, for a small group, to nationals?
Ask me again after they dance.
Okay.
That's fair.
It's so important to me today that the girls dance their best, to show Abby that I can pull this off, that I can pull out a win for her team.
I need them to be as strong as they ever were.
ANNOUNCER: Coming up next, ladies and gentlemen, is going to be entry 81.
Put your hands together for, "Just Be.
Life has changes, rearranges, but I want this to stay.
We'll just be.
Like two birds flying over the sea, we'll just be in our melody.
Did so great.
It has been a long time since I felt so emotionally invested in a group dance.
And if these girls can pull off a win without Abby, this might be my favorite victory ever.
We want one.
All right.
We're going to start.
Moving into the advanced level, second place, "Over the Rainbow.
And your highest scoring eight number solo will be, "Lightning.
So Asia gets first, and I knew she would.
This solo was so her.
She killed this routine.
12 to 14 solos.
Fourth place, entry number 36, "I Hurt.
KELLY: Great job, Brooke.
I think if Brooke had a good costume and good choreography, she would've got first.
Your highest scoring soloist will be-- -- entry number 34.
- -- "Hold On.
MELISSA: Yeah, Maddie.
I would like to dedicate this trophy to my new friend, Hannah.
Thank you for coming, you're a real winner.
- Aw.
I'm giving my first place trophy to Hannah, because she deserves it way more than I do.
This trophy's for you.
MAN: Yeah.
And Starlight is a wonderful organization.
You can go on their website and donate and help little girls like her.
Thank you.
Maddie got a huge, giant, trophy.
I think it was probably five feet tall, and she gave it to Hannah.
And think that's really a sweet thing because a big trophy's kind of cool to have.
9 to 11, small groups.
Okay, here we go.
Third place, "Teacher's Pet.
Okay.
Second place, entry number 85, "Seasons.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Gia!
Your highest scoring 9 to 11 small group will be entry number 81, "Just Be.
Ah!
- Oh, my God.
- Yes.
I couldn't be more thrilled right now.
These kids just won this group dance without Abby, and they beat really good dancers.
That was like winning the Olympics.
That is really-- it's a big deal.
I definitely think that Abby will be back next week, unless her mother takes a turn for the worst.
Call her right now and tell her we won.
Are you serious?
Do I really need to call her?
She probably doesn't want to hear about our win.
I'm sorry?
Is Abby there?
- - Okay.
Can you just tell her that the group won.
MANDY : The group won.
And Maddie won, and Asia won.
How's Mrs.
Miller feeling?
Okay.
She's not the hospital, is she?
Okay.
I'm really not sure where Abby is.
Is she in Pittsburgh, is she in Florida?
She was with her mother, but then when she called Gianna, she wasn't with her mother at all.
That's all hearsay, though.
You don't know if any of that's true.
All right.
Keep protecting her, Leslie.
All I'm saying is she should have been here, but if she was with her mother, then that's understandable.
She said she wasn't coming back until I was gone.
She never mentioned a word about, my mother is sick, that's why I'm not here.
She's not here because I'm here.
She said nothing about her mother.
GIRLS: Woo!
WOMEN: Good job, honey.
HOLLY: That has to feel so good.
Can you believe Abby was not here for one step.
How do you guys feel about that?
- I miss her.
- I do too.
Abby should have been here.
She would've been proud of you guys, but she wasn't.
- Uh-huh.
- And it was her choice.
ABBY : Next, on "Dance Moms.
Does anyone know if Abby is going to be here?
My mother comes first.
I need the dancer that can be Chloe this weekend.
Did Abby mention anything about nationals, Melissa?
- Listen to me.
- I'm listening.
You're the God, I know.
You make a point to tell all of us.
Tiffany, I thought you and I were a team, adios, get out of here.
Gianna, where's Abby?
God.
I hate this.
I hate It.
I hate it.
