ABBY : Feels weird to be going face to face with Kathy and her team without Kelly. I still think she's coming back. You will sit here and say that is not your seat I want Kelly back, when she constantly runs out on this team with her children. Your 9 to 11 Small Group Power Champion will be Open Waters, . I can get in your face, too. Why bother? Because I'm talking about my son. Kelly, Brooke, and Paige are part of the team. Everybody here wants them. Don't you think it hurts me? ABBY LEE MILLER : Coming up on "Dance Moms." This week, the competition is in Orlando, Florida. Leslie, we just want to know why you want your 15-year-old to dance with our seven-year-old? What I'm telling you is between you and I right now. You are hurting my daughter. The Abby Lee Dance Company has one president. I rule this Abby Lee Dance Company. When opportunity comes knocking, you better take advantage of it. Shame on you. [THEME - LIVING ON THE DANCE FLOOR, "NIKKO LOWE"] THEME SONG: Get up. Get on the floor. My world is with my girls. Living on the dance floor. ABBY LEE MILLER: Come on, girls. Let's go, let's go, let's go. Let's be happy and think about our victory, shall we? The Abby Lee Dance Company is on a roll. The kids get better, they get stronger every single day. We beat Kathy without Kelly's kids. Now you did a group routine, and that group routine was outstanding. Not only did we beat the Crabapples, I think that you worked together on a whole. And I think Payton, what you bring to the team is that you want to be here. Were we missing two team members? Yeah, Brooke and Paige. They don't want to be here. The Supremes, The Temptations, even The Beatles replaced people in the group. Keep that in mind. I really don't like the way Abby's acting. 2She's acting like Kelly and her girls are going to be replaced by Payton and Leslie. Brooke and Paige have danced for the ALDC since they were three. They're not replaceable. First we have Brooke. No apology, no text. And I know she has her phone with her. Brooke's 15 years old. he knows what's going on, and she knows right from wrong. And that leads me to Paige. If Paige wanted to dance, Paige would have come to dance class. All right, moving on. Payton. In the dressing room at the competition, I heard a little smart mouth. Just so all of you know, my name's Payton. It's not Kendall, it's not Brooke. It's none of you. It's Payton. WOMAN: Yes. Yes. She wasn't getting smart. She was just letting you know her name. I know her name's Payton. Then call her Payton. Not Kendall, not Brooke. Payton. How about if I call her replaceable? Now, we have Asia. Asia, finally you did the choreography you were given. You didn't pull focus. But I think whatever you do in the future, you need to do both. You need to be a star when that opportunity is available, and I need you to be an ensemble dancer and learn how to take direction when it calls for it. And last on the bottom rung here is MacKenzie. MacKenzie, you also did a great job in the group routine. I'm floored that Kenzie's above Asia right now because Asia, that is not her style. MELISSA ZIEGLER-GISONI: That's not Kenzie's style either. I'm just curious to see why Kenzie's above her now. They're on the same row. But it does make a difference. I just disagree I think Asia danced with this group better, and she was in a style that she is not normally in. And she pulled it off. Well, MacKenzie, you got on the prop, you had to jump off the prop. She did the chin stand on the prop and she did an aerial off the prop. That's why she's ahead of her. I don't think Kristie Ray had a right to be mad that MacKenzie was higher than Asia. And Abby said because she didn't stick out. She just was basic, just like the other kids. And next. We have Chloe. Now, Chloe, you did well in the group dance, and you also did well in the trio. Sometimes you win the battle, but you lose the war. And next we have Maddie. You do everything right. But if you're up here all the time winning, you're going to quit working. Maddie needs to keep pushing herself, and if she keeps winning all the time, she might end up just like Brooke. You've been using that face for lyrical routines for the last how many competitions? But I want to see you dig just a little bit deeper. I want to see your facial expressions change. Maddie needs to stay hungry. I have seen way too many students peak when they're 12 years old. I am not going to let that happen to Maddie. If you win too much when you're little, you quit working. Next, we're moving on to Kendall. Last week, you were on top of the pyramid. You did a trio, you did a group routine. Outstanding. And your mother, she stood in that dressing room and she had to take some really nasty, horrible crap. And your mother stood up for me. She stood up for the rest of the team. I hate fighting with Kathy and her moms, but if it's going to keep Kendall towards the top of the pyramid, it's worth the battle. I think somebody is waiting with bated breath. And the top of the pyramid is Nia. Now I'm sure that all of you are wondering why Nia is at the top of the pyramid. Nia is the only child that came to me at the conclusion of the competition and said, what can I do better? Were there any mistakes that I made in the trio or in the group dance? Yes, you were too far away at the end. So, Nia, congratulations. I can't remember the last time that I was on the top of the pyramid. I've worked so hard and it's great that Abby finally sees that. I have good news. This week, the competition is in Orlando, Florida. Woohoo! I love Orlando. I have a house there. My mom's there right now. I'm there. Everyone is in the group routine. The name of the group or team is On The Verge. Sometimes there comes a moment when you lose it. You saw a woman you know very well spiraling out of control. Never in 40 years of being in the Abby Lee Dance Company has anyone been given a solo the day of the recital. Ever! You're out. You're out. Call the police. Get her out of here. How many people are walking around on the verge? The group dance this week is called On The Verge. I'm on the verge of needing a drink. Now I have three solos. Chloe, your featured trio was outstanding. So this week, you're going to be doing a solo entitled Fired Up. It has a Latin influence. I'm really excited to have a solo, but I've never done a Latin routine, so I don't know what's going to happen. Kendall, you will be performing a solo. It will be contemporary lyrical, and the routine is called "Under My Spell." I am so excited that Kendall's given a lyrical solo this week. The lyrical solos are usually reserved for Maddie. This is a huge opportunity for Kendall to prove that she can handle a Maddie solo and score well with it. And I have one more solo. Nia. WOMAN: Yay, Nia. Finally. Nia, it's been a long time since you've had a solo. And I remember a while back that you and the other moms and everybody thought that it would be just wonderful to pay tribute to Broadway Baby. I disagreed. I didn't think the timing was right. I might be seeing Broadway Baby again. I mean that I had Broadway Baby preserved. But what I'm getting to Nia, is that you are going to do a Broadway Baby routine. WOMAN: Aww. I have to find my pillow case. My girls and I were very close to Broadway Baby. We took care of her when she was sick, and I was devastated when she passed. Maddie would've loved to have done a tribute to Broadway Baby but I know that Abby's just trying to teach her a lesson. All right, girls, we are four weeks away from nationals, but it's time that I start looking for who's going to be doing a solo when we get there. I'll be watching you. Let's spread apart. Let's start warming up. Moms, go ahead. What if you didn't brush, wack, threw that leg behind you and use your momentum? on The Verge is a very difficult piece. It's about women on the verge of a breakdown, and I think the kids are going to do a great job with this piece. Take your body lower. Your left shoulder. Come on, think. Figure out what you're doing. Why can't you stay there? You know it's kind of funny? Is I've never seen Abby put anybody like third spot on the pyramid like she did Maddie for being too perfect. Did anybody else catch that? I mean, it's weird because Maddie should have been at the top but every week it's something. Excuse me, Melissa, did you really just say Maddie should have been at the top of the pyramid? I know you're freaking out because Maddie didn't get the Broadway Baby solo or any solo for that matter maybe all that poop scooping really didn't pay off, did it? Because Nia's the one doing the solo. Really happy for Nia that she has a solo. That's an enormous responsibility, to do a tribute for Broadway Baby. It better be good and perfect because she will hold her to it. Really, these moms are too much. Holly's been begging for a solo for months. Now Nia has a solo, and now it's too much responsibility. Asia can dance with any subject matter with no complaints it's because she's a professional. Whoa now, slow down. She's seven, you're 15. You're in charge. If you can't do this to her-- come here. If you can't do this and slow her down, you're not a leader. Brooke wasn't a leader. I needed her to step up and take charge of this team and she didn't. Sorry, I have to go here. I just think once you've left 3 times, there's got to be a time where you leave and you are not welcomed back. Being on the elite competition team is a great opportunity for any dancer, and Kelly is not going to take that away from my daughter. Not one of you women feel just a tad bit upset that she constantly picks up and leaves this team? Well, Leslie, you're also just desperate to be on the team. So say what you mean, you don't like me? Leslie better be careful, you know? She's really not a member of this team, and the last thing she wants to do is make an enemy out of me. OK, Christi. Where's Abby? Is she still not in today? JILL VERTES: Still. Nope. Abby really needs to be here. The girls have nationals coming up, and they really need Abby in the studio as much as possible if these girls are going to stand a chance. - Hello, how are you? - TAXIDERMIST: Hey, Abby. It's good to see you. I'm picking up Broadway Baby today, and I don't know how I feel about this. I'd forgot kind of what this looked like. I remember walking in the first time going, whoa. It's still a little unsettling. I'm frightened. I don't want to be disappointed. I don't want to be sad. Oh, this is my mom, Maryen Lorrain. - Hello, nice to meet you, ma'am. - Nice to meet you, too. I want this to be a happy thing. A good thing. I want Broadway Baby to be preserved the way I remember her. Alright, I'll give you just a few moments and then I'll be back, okay? TAXIDERMIST: All right. ABBY : I don't know what we're going to do with her now. Well, we're going to take her home and put her in front of the TV here she likes to watch the television. Oh. Oh my God, how beautiful? MARYEN MILLER: Oh, Baby. You are beautiful. TAXIDERMIST: Those eyes especially are very special eyes that I ordered, you know, specifically for her. Oh, I think they did a fabulous job. From what she looked like at the hospital to now, she looks beautiful. - She looks like $100. - Look at her. Look at her fur. Oh, she had a good life, but I should have put her in commercials. ABBY: Leave it open so she couldn't breathe. TAXIDERMIST: OK. Oh, looks who calling me. - Kelly. - Hello? - HOLLY FRAZIER: Hey, Kel. - Hello. What you doing? Oh. All right, well, I'm there. I know Kelly is still mad at me because I didn't speak up to Abby when she pulled Paige's solo from the recital and pushed Maddie into doing hers. But I had to do what I had to do. JILL VERTES: Can we talk you into coming back? Well, that's nice of you, thanks. - HOLLY FRAZIER: Thanks for an invitation. - Bye. - All right, bye Kel. - Bye. Melissa, do you feel bad that Kelly didn't invite you over? Well, of course. I mean, I've been her friend for years so it hurts me, but-- - LESLIE ACKERMAN: I'm hurt, too. - Well, she doesn't know you're here. I'm jagging, Melissa. Do you think Kelly would invite me over? I didn't get invited to Kelly's house. Well, you were a jerk to her kids. Hm. Maybe there's a reason. Maybe she wants to talk about something. It's not like her just to identify just one or two people. She knows that Melissa's close with Abby. It's OK. It's her choice. It's her house. Hey, guys, how's it going? What the cat dragged in. Chloe, you just screwed that up. Sloppy feet. Are you ladies going to go to Kelly's and talk about Leslie's we miss Brooke and we want Brooke back, are you going to do that? Is that what you're going to do? JILL VERTES: No, are you paranoid about that? I'm fine sitting in Kelly's seat for now. I'm going to try to keep a seat for as long as I can, if not forever. So we'll see where it goes from here. I'm not going anywhere, I'm staying. I don't care if Brooke and Paige come back. But you're really not on the team, you know? I mean, you're only here to fill in. And you keep saying you're OK with filling in, and then all of a sudden you say, oh, no, I'm here to stay. And this is deja vu because I've been here many of times and you keep telling me I'm not on. BOTH: But you're not on the team, Leslie. I'm on the team. I have traveled with you how many times? No, you're traveling with the team. You're not on the team. If you were on the team, Abby would have given you the jacket. Nia, let's go. Get in here come on. Nia is doing a tribute to Broadway Baby. I feel that the timing is right. It's going to be a wonderful number. One, two, three, step back on your left foot and ditch like you're just going to step back, pop, and you just break that knee. Boom. Two, three, shoulder, five, six, seven and eight. And, one. So what happened? You didn't come out far enough. You have to get to the middle. Shut, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Nope, you roll. Oh my God. This is three times we're doing the same thing. If you don't do this right, no solo. I'm not saying anything. I'm not. I'm not. No solo. I'm finished. Get Kendall. Next. - No, she didn't. - Why did she pull Nia's solo? Go. Go. I'll think about it, I promise. I'll think about it. I'll think about it. Go. Excuse me. I'm going to go down there to find out what Abby thinks she's doing doing, because she's definitely not pulling Nia's solo. If you want to do the solo, I expect more from you. If I tell somebody to do something once, I want it done. Twice? I'm a little aggravated. Five times? Maybe you shouldn't be doing it. I did it in the room. I did it. At this point, she's taking way too long to comprehend the movement. Abby, the solo as of now is pulled-- You want to be Kelly? We want to start pulling solos all the time? I didn't pull the solo. You pulled the solo. No. We have Selective hearing because I never said that. Abby, I'm pretty sure you're the only one with selective hearing, because if you hadn't said that you were pulling the solo, we wouldn't be having this conversation right now. I need you to be more on the ball. I need you to see it once and nail it. Apparently, Nia still has her solo, and I want her to do it. - All right, I got to go. - Drive safe. Thank you. My lips are sealed. My mouth is shut and I'm just going to walk away while Nia still has a solo. CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Oh, no, no. I'm in Kelly's seat today. - Why are you in Kelly's seat? - You still have me on the end. - I wanted to sit there. - Well, get here. - Kelly's seat is on the end. - I could not see my daughter yesterday. Oh, wa-wa-wa. If I were Leslie, I would just shut up and be happy that I was here for the moment. I think you guys are lucky, though. I would love and die for Payton to be getting this special attention. All these critiques are better than no attention at all. My name is Leslie and I beg, beg, beg for my daughter Payton to be on the team, and blah blah blah. And I annoy the crap out of everyone. Chloe, let's see. Come here. If Chloe drops that fan, I'm moving to South America. - Here you are complaining again. - No, Leslie, I'm not complaining. All I said was if Chloe drops the fan, I'm moving to South America because of what happened when she dropped the hat. But you wouldn't know, because you weren't here because you're not really on the team. No, I am on the team. I'm here. You're speaking to me. I'm on this team. You weren't on the team back then. But I am now. I want to see mysterious, flirtatious, ready to dance. Go. Chloe's solo is called Fired Up. It's a Spanish routine. I want her to learn proper Spanish arms, some new steps, and she can use a lot of ballet technique in this solo. Big. Takes up four counts. Change your face. Smile. Now mean on the tango. It's serious. It's just this. You got to give me that whole Spanish. It's very confident. That's what I want to see when you come on that stage. You're dancing with your whole body. You're dancing with your face. You're telling the story. Okay? - You're finished. - Thank you. You know, Kristie, you and I are kind of like in the same boat. Does it bother you that Asia just doesn't get that time with the solo? Leslie is unbelievable. Other than Maddie, if there's one other child that's gotten preferential treatment, it's Asia. Abby said before Asia can take the world by storm, she has to learn to perform in a group dance. What are you here for? For Asia to dance with the team, or to learn from Abby? - I'm just curious. - Let me just make a statement. Asia's seven. She did amazing in last week's group. And so when Abby says a comment like that, she contradicts herself from week to week. So I'm used to it, and those comments don't bother me because Asia's already proved herself. I hope that answers your questions, Jill. Because if you want to keep talking about my motivations of being on this team, I have answers for you outside. Kendall, I don't want to see that left foot slamming into the ground. That's what you're showing us. All right, let's go again. You ready? Kendall's solo is called Under My Spell. It's a contemporary lyrical routine, but it has a little bit of sass, a little bit of mystery. She's going to put the judges under her spell. Long neck, shoulders down. Longer neck. What is your face telling me? You keep letting that all overcome you. What do you doing? Shoulders down. You have today to come up with three facial expressions. Is it scary? Is it spooky? I don't see anything. Maybe you should go ask Asia about the face. Well, I'm excited to see Kelly tonight. Holly, Jill, are you guys are excited to see her? I am. I do think it's interesting that she didn't-- do you think she deliberately did not invite Melissa? - Well, yeah. - You think that was deliberate? You going to call her and just try to clear things up so you can-- I did call her. Kelly's refusing to talk to me. She didn't invite me to her house for drinks. I didn't really care. We've been friends for so many years, and we've gone through a lot together. And she's been there for me, and I've been there for her. And, you know, we'll just have to get through it. All right, well, I think, Jill and Holly, we need to get ready to go to Kelly's. CHRISTI LUKASIAK: We're the only three months this week with children solos. That's right. High five. I had some of the moms come over just to discuss my situation that I have at the studio, and with Abby. So what have your kids been doing? Brooke's been doing her songs. The one song is almost done being recorded. That's exciting. BROOKE HYLAND: Knows who I am. Because I hurt. Yeah, I hurt all over my body. Already you have-- Oh my God, you've been gone two weeks and look what she's done. - That's terrific. - JILL VERTES: That's amazing actually. Thank you. Thank you. - That's very impressive. - So you will come back? I'm not fighting with Abby, and I'm not asking her to come back. Paige and Brooke are already on the pyramid. Their shots are there. Their photos are up. Abby, whether she wants to admit it or not she wants those girls on the team. So what do I do if I come to the competition and she makes a big stink about it? Oh, she will. What if we gave her one free punch at Melissa? - That won't lure you back? - It would be at Abby. The things that Abby and Melissa do are hurting all of our kids. I just want things to be better for all of the girls. I'm not going to invite all over my home, when a week ago, or two weeks ago, you stabbed my kid in the back and looked right at me and was like, "I don't know what you want me to do." I want you to open your mouth. As an educator, it's hard for me to watch a parent do that in front of a whole room full of kids. Look, what Abby did was wrong-- But it was okay for her to do that to my kid? No, no, nope. It wasn't okay for her to do that either. Kelly's being really immature right now. She made a spectacle, she's being incredibly stubborn. But right now, she needs to suck it up and come back to the team. OK, you said that you would have probably thrown me out because you are a principal and all that. And you say I'm wrong for sticking up for them for that? And I feel like that's you being against me. I just feel like Holly sometimes needs to get out of her mindset that she's a teacher because you're a mom before you're a teacher. My kid isn't the only kid that gets picked on. I'm trying to just be a group and stick up for everybody and I just don't feel like anybody ever backs me. - Everybody always thinks I'm crazy. - We do back you. - I back you. - No you don't. I just can't step in and say, yeah, Abby, yeah. It doesn't seem like Kelly cares about dance or being a part of this team or anything. If Kelly doesn't come back, that just means more solos for Kendall. I think both of you have seen how well it works for Melissa to do whatever Abby wants to keep their kids in her good graces, and I think that you both are headed down that path. Are you insane? Absolutely not. When we all agreed not to send our kids to Abby's West Coast Competition I said to all of you on the phone, I was asked. Here and now, I said no, so I need all of you to guarantee, if you're asked, you're going to say no. Abby did ask Kendall to go. She didn't ask her to perform. So I said no, I'm not going to go. But if she would've been asked to perform? I can't say that. Probably not. It's time for me to kick this bitch out. You need to see yourself to the door. Did you say that? In the past, the moms have always stuck together. But I don't think I can say that any longer. Why do you want to be divided all the time? I'm not divided all the time. I didn't lay down the gauntlet. What's the gauntlet? Stop talking. I'm walking out. Why? Don't tell me to stop talking. - Don't leave. - CHRISTI LUKASIAK: I'm done. ABBY LEE MILLER: We're here in Orlando, Florida, to attend Expressions Dance Competition. I heard from the moms that Kelly may show up here in Orlando. Why on Earth would you come to a competition where your children weren't competing? I think this team is the team to win, and I don't want anybody distracting them. Namely Kelly. Oh this is tiny, tiny, tiny. The last time we talked, you guys were getting ready to leave for Kelly's house. What happened there? Oh you didn't hear? LESLIE ACKERMAN: No. Kelly's here. Today? Here? - Yeah. - Why? The fact of the matter is Kelly and her kids are a part of the team. No. Let's get something straight, the Abby Lee Dance Company has one president, and it's me. I rule this Abby Lee Dance Company. When you have a quarterback that's old and they've had a good run, and you have a new kid sitting on the bench, you've got to cut the quarterback loose, and you got to go with the new rookie. This is the Abby Lee Dance Company. It's my company. It's not up to them who becomes a member. I am so relieved to see these adorable costumes. Oh, Nia, beautiful. It really sets the stage when the kids have an amazing costume. Nia, come here. I want to show you Broadway Baby's picture. All in all, I feel betrayed. These moms always want me to support them, but they don't include me in anything. Well, her face, you know, she had just haircut, and so they like mashed it all down. And her hair and her nails are so long. Well, see, now you're smiling. You weren't doing that a few months ago. You just go do your dance, and you celebrate and you have fun. And you do it like it's some man that done you wrong. OK. Because I got plenty of pictures of those guys, OK? You know, I'm looking at these girls for nationals right now. Chloe, Nia, Kendall, think of this as an audition. This is like an onstage performance to audition to do your solo at nationals. - OK. - HOLLY FRAZIER: OK? Hey, girls. Hi. Oh, my. JILL VERTES: Oh, my god, look who's here. KELLY HYLAND: I'm supposed to sit here. You are no longer a member of the Abby Lee Dance Company. I'm not moving. Go around. I can stand here all day. I'm sitting there having this confrontation with Kelly, trying to ignore her. And now this nincompoop is holding up the entire competition. She has the social graces of an ant at a picnic. You really want me to climb over a seat in a dress? I pay her for her service. And she doesn't own this dance competition. If I want to go there and I want to support my team, then I'm going. I'm done taking her Well, there's 1,000 seats in here. Put your butt in one, not this one. Let's go. ANNOUNCER: Taking the stage right now is entry number 25 in the Junior Solo division. Here's Kendall with "Under My Spell." [MUSIC - ANNELISE COLLETE, "YOU GOT ME NOW"] Oh, you got me weak in the knees trying to figure out what is going on here. I've got my eyes set on you. You got me feeling like some sort of love fool, keeping me on the edge of no return. How many times I got to fall before I learn? You got me now. I'm falling underneath your spell. ANNOUNCER: That was Kendall with "Under My Spell." HOLLY FRAZIER: Since this solo is a tribute to Broadway Baby, she wants to do a great job. Nia's feeling that burden when she gets on stage. And she knows she has to knock it out of the park. ANNOUNCER: On their way to the stage right now is entry number 27. This is Nia with "Broadway Baby Tribute." My baby's gone. Ain't coming back to me. My baby's gone, gone, gone. Sweet misery. My baby's gone up to heaven. And that's why I sing the blues. ABBY LEE MILLER: Nia's tribute to Broadway Baby was fun and sassy. And she was all about the fun and all about the sass. I just can't understand how somebody can be so rotten and rude, and then show up out of the blue and say, here I am, here I am. All the swearing and stuff that you say on that-- ah. KELLY HYLAND: Did you hear what your daughter said to my daughter? I love Mrs. Miller and I would never want to disrespect her. But I don't think she really realizes. Abby never tells her mom what she does to our kids. ANNOUNCER: Taking the stage for right now is entry number 29. Here's Chloe with "Fired Up." That is entry number 29, Chloe with "Fired Up." CHRISTI LUKASIAK: If Abby were to base who she chooses to do solos at nationals on today's performance, I think Chloe has an amazing shot. CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Well, that's because you know me and not Mark. - Fantastic. - CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Thank you. It's nice to have you here, Kelly. - It really is. - Thank you. JILL VERTES: Leslie says you're not a part of the team anymore because you left. It's really not up to Leslie, is it? But I'm in your set and you're not. So-- Well, thanks for keeping it warm for me. If you come back, that doesn't mean we're getting kicked off. You know what, Leslie? You can't keep coming and going. I'm going to continue to do it as long as Abby treats my kids the way she does. - You are hurting my daughter. - What am I doing to Payton? My show up again. KELLY HYLAND: I sat at my house with my team members, and they want me here. I am more a part of this team than you will ever be. No you're not. You're a friend. You're a habit that's hard to break. Well, maybe, we should ask them. If you're going to leave, leave. - Everybody did fabulous. - Thank you, Kelly. - I'll watch the group dance. - HOLLY FRAZIER: Thank you. Appreciate it. And I will be supporting Payton, whether you believe me or not. LESLIE ACKERMAN: We all have our own opinion on what happened out there. And my opinion is, I thought it was wrong for her to show up. It makes my daughter and I uncomfortable. It was unnecessary. I'm mad if Kelly gets back on this team. Our opportunity to travel with Abby is going to be taken away from us again. And I don't want that. I don't want that. I want more than that for my daughter Payton. - CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Oh, yay! - KRISTIE RAY: Good job. - CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Yay, yay, yay. - Good job, guys. You did good! You did so good! KRISTIE RAY: You should be very proud. It has been a long time since I've seen you on stage. Did it feel good to be back on stage doing a solo? Mm-hmm, yeah. Aw, thank you, Mackenzie. For the first time in seven months. ABBY LEE MILLER: Oh, my goodness. I'm only here for a moment. - Where are Kendall and Nia? - HOLLY FRAZIER: They're in the bathroom. Oh, look at this gorgeous group of girls! Maddie, were you bored not doing a solo today? Or was it nice rest? Well-- It was weird not doing one. Yeah, I want to run-- come on, I want to run the number. I want to go watch a number. --all not as strong as we pretend. Watch the shape of the foot, Asia and Mackenzie, as you turn that off second. Mackenzie, when those legs go up in the air, don't bend your knees and flick them. They have to go up straight. I'm sure not impressed so far. We're going to get beat. Good luck. Face. Stay on time. Stay on time. ANNOUNCER: Taking the stage now is entry number 79. Here they are with "On the Verge." You wouldn't mess with a child's mind. You wouldn't be unkind. Single file down the aisle, you're the reason that they made this rule, to protect us from that smile. This pain is anything but mild. 'Cause we're all not as strong as we pretend. We only bend to be-- you wouldn't mess with a child's mind. You wouldn't be unkind. ABBY LEE MILLER: I think they did a nice job, but the choreography was very intricate. Sometimes simple and clean is better than difficult and sloppy. Woo! CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Your mama wants a solo. KRISTIE RAY: Asia looked at me on stage like she wanted to battle her mother. I'm gonna make sure she knows who the big queen bee is. And you know what? She was crying at the end of that battle. Moving into our Junior division, where we we'll be giving out the top 10 solos. Ninth place, with a score of 280.74 points, entry number 27, "Bye Bye Baby." ABBY LEE MILLER: Nia was lucky to make the top 10. That technique needs to come up to the teenage level. Because if it doesn't, you're going to be singing the blues. Sixth place, entry number 17, "Blackbird." Fifth place, with a score of 283.7 points, entry number 25, "Under My Spell." - ABBY LEE MILLER: Fifth? - MELISSA ZIEGLER-GISONI: Fifth. JILL VERTES: I'm pleased with the solo. She's got a lot more in her. I know she can do better. Third place, entry number 57, "Lifesized Ghosts." You're top 2. Good job. ANNOUNCER: Second place, entry number 49, "Fired Up." That's you. Wait, number 49?, "Fired Up"? I'm so proud of Chloe that she got second in the Teen category. I thought she was amazing, and I think she should be really proud of where she placed. Moving into our Junior Small Group, in the fifth place, entry number 77, "It Don't Mean a Thing." Fourth place, entry number 79, "On the Verge." ABBY LEE MILLER: Fourth place? The only thing worse than fourth place would be Kelly crashing the competition. I think I've had enough. It's time for me to go home. LESLIE ACKERMAN: So what did we think of the number, ladies? I liked it. - I thought it was really good. - I loved it. JILL VERTES: It was. - Thank you. This is Payton's second week now with the team-- not on the team, with the team. Just saying. It's very difficult coming in to you ladies. You ladies have this pact. And it's known. You've run quite a few people off, including myself a few times. KELLY HYLAND: When you're here, I'm not here. Because that's the reason you're here, is replacing Brooke. Why? Why be here then? If-- you know this is happening with Abby. Because I'm part of this team. And my kids are part of this team. And we're going to be part of this team, whether Abby likes it or not. CHRISTI LUKASIAK: The truth is, we're really not a team without Kelly and her girls. And frankly, I'm afraid to go to nationals without them. I want them back. You wouldn't like me on this team anyway, though, because I would do everything for my kid. I won't hurt your kids. But if my child gets an opportunity, I'm taking it. HOLLY FRAZIER: We're not just raising dancers. We're raising people. No matter how much I want Nia to succeed in life, if she's not a good person, then I have failed. And that might be the reason why Leslie doesn't quite fit in here. Even Melissa and Jill the biggest dance moms around, want more for their daughters than stardom or fame. I'd rather be who I am and be not a success on Broadway because I can look myself in the mirror rather than dance on a stage. LESLIE ACKERMAN: When opportunity comes knocking, you better take advantage of it. - What kind of kid are you raising? - I want my daughter to have this. Shame on you. KRISTIE RAY: OK, well, I'm gonna be open right now. I'm tired of this chitchat. And if my daughter doesn't get a solo, then I'll leave and take the next opportunity and work in LA. - LESLIE ACKERMAN: What're you talking-- - I'm tired of this chat. LESLIE ACKERMAN: Why are you leaving? I'm just tired of this chat. All the fighting, the complaining, the unhappiness, I just had enough. Peace. ABBY LEE MILLER : Next on "Dance Moms"-- - So is Abby here? - I don't know. My seat's over here. - I'm not moving. - KELLY HYLAND: You're a fill-in. No, I'm here. I texted her, and she said that you will be fired from this dance studio if you choreograph that dance. I don't care where the she works. Oh, oh, oh! She has made it clear she doesn't care about our kids or her team. Brooke, there's nothing we can do. Don't cry.
