ABBY LEE MILLER: Previously on Dance Moms. CATHY: I need to win. I need to beat her. That's why you guys are here. ABBY LEE MILLER: Jill is kind of stepping into Melissa's old spot. CATHY: That's a good girl. Go potty. I don't like people going behind my back. You know that's my problem with Melissa. CATHY: The boys are just amazing. ABBY LEE MILLER: I don't want to be fourth in front of Cathy. There's Chloe's hat. Nice job, Chloe. Go. We're leaving. I'm done. We're gone. Get away from me. ABBY LEE MILLER: Coming up on Dance Moms. It's about time you got back here. Was she talking-- did you guys here that? Welcome to The Avalanche. Where's Kelly? She's schmoozing with her new BFF. - Oh. - Sophia will be doing a solo. CATHY: She's going down. I can feel it. CHILDREN: Apple core. Apple core. This is a dog training tool. It means the dog sit down and shut up. - MAN: Are you saying-- - So your blood pressure-- - I have-- - Sit. Abby your blood pressure. I'm just worried she's going to have a heart attack. - CATHY: So. - Cathy no one wants to here. - Just shut your mouth. - Shut your mouth. - Woo. - Don't say anything about my child-- - MAN: That's enough. - THEME SONG: Get up. Get on the floor. My world is with my girls. Living on the dance floor. Oh, we're the first ones here. Oh, it's a record. Get undressed and start stretching. Hi, guys. ABBY LEE MILLER: Brooke, you drive all the way here, and you can't get that hair in a bun. Hello. - Hi, guys. - Hi. Have you guys seen Christi? Is she out there? Is she coming? I think she's mad at me because I said something about the hat. Which is crazy. - It is-- - I mean we all saw the hat. Every week somebody messes up in a group dance. Well, I wonder if Christi is not coming. I find that hard to believe. Christi has never left before. Nice job, Chloe. - Huh? Nice job. - Let's go. We're leaving. You want Chloe gone, we're gone. You go ahead and replace me. I'm leaving. I'm not going to make a scene with you. ABBY LEE MILLER: --that's the easy way out, right? No, I'm done. I'm done. This is not what I signed up for. At some point we have all threatened to leave and storm out and she's never done that. We're back at Abby's, another week, another competition is looming, no Christi, no Chloe. Maybe you'll have a spot on the pyramid, Brooke. I don't want to dance without Chloe. I don't have my twinning power. Your twinning power? Come on, ladies, let's go. Let's go. Let's go. All right. Last week you walked in here and you were losers. Fourth place. Today you're winners. You walk in here like, woo, we won. ANNOUNCER: And the winner goes to number 215. And that's all fine and dandy. But let's be realistic you won by a tenth of a point. I don't want the Abby Lee Dance Company to be just 1/10 of a point ahead of the who you beat. I don't want it. I want you to be 30 points ahead, or 20 points ahead, or 10 points, or for goodness sake, one whole point. Can we be one whole point above the next group? Abby, do you know where Christi and Chloe are? I'm dealing with them. I'm going to do something a little different today and I'm going to start at the top. Finally, for the first time ever Kendall is at the top of the pyramid. ABBY LEE MILLER: You're on top of the pyramid. Hallelujah. Kendall, you beat a lot of great people. One of them was Chloe. Seeing Kendall at the top of the pyramid makes all this hard work and all the fighting worth it. I'm so happy right now. Jill, I think you just made an enemy. I don't think Christi can handle your 9-year-old beating her 11-year-old who is a national titleholder right now. I think you need to watch out. Next, Maddie, I'm not going to tell you, you were amazing. I don't think you are. And then moving on. Nia. Nia, you went out, your arms were pretty, started off strong, fizzled. Next, I have Paige. Paige, I don't want to go over and over things in class. I want to tell you one time and I want you to do it. And next, Mackenzie. Tell me what you did because I heard that you were in the audience watching then I saw you sleeping in the dressing room. You're like dead weight coming along with us. We don't need you there. Obviously on the bottom of the pyramid is Chloe. Chloe made a mistake. I told you all not to drop your hat. She dropped her hat. SONG: Just serve yourself. Make lemonade. Chloe is suspended so is her mother. Her behavior was deplorable. Abby, shut up. Shut up. Stop talking now. Replace us that's fine. Come on, Chloe, we're done. Get away from me. I do not want her anywhere near this studio. She was an embarrassment to the Abby Lee Dance Company, and to all of you. Abby how long is she sus-- what does that mean it's-- I don't know. I would like to know how long it's going to take to get Brooke back on the pyramid. Funny you should mention that. You might want to send Chloe a thank you note because her mother just bought you a spot on the pyramid. This weekend we are going to Star Power International Talent Competition in Detroit, Michigan. Is there a studio from Ohio going all the way to Detroit? Yes, there is. Cathy is coming back for you all big time. I can't believe Cathy's coming this weekend. I really wanted to revel and enjoy that Kendall's at the top of the pyramid, she's going to get special attention, and now I have to deal with Cathy, the Wicked Witch of Ohio. We have a group routine everybody's in it. I am down one dancer. I cannot afford any weak links. Kendall, you will be doing a solo again this weekend. Paige, I'm going to give you a duet with Nia. The last week you thought your good wasn't good enough. This is your chance, don't blow it. I have one more routine left. Maddie, you will be doing a solo this week. Don't be so elated. It's like a default, like fine, process of elimination. I need somebody that's going to win and you can bet that, that boys group, one of those boys is going to be doing a solo. It's been so long since Maddie's had a solo I hope the added pressure of the boys and Cathy's team doesn't rattle her. Everybody needs to be outstanding. Moms we can't lose. We won't lose. You guys go out there on that stage, and screw up, and we don't win I might replace everybody. If I can suspend Chloe I can suspend you too. Does everybody understand? Cathy is not going to get the best of me with all these boys. All right, moms you're dismissed. Guys spread apart, let's go. Gianna, I want you to bring in the prop. All right, girls. So you understand Nia that you are the wallflower, and Paige is the wild child. My duet this week is called the wild child in the wallflower. I play the wallflower. I'm kind of shy and quiet, kind of how I am. Twist and lunge off the chair this way. Good. Twist but you're not going to stand all the way up. You're not going to stand up. You're just going to kind of sh. - Sh. - Yes. Good. So do you think Nia is excited about the duet? Oh, my goodness, she is thrilled but at the same time Nia is very nervous about it too. Why. Well, when Nia get stressed she can have a tendency of having a relapse with her pain management. So do you think it's stress related? It's usually stress related. Stressful situations will trigger that. And you don't have an injury, like that's the whole kicker of the thing. Nia suffers from a neurological disorder called reflex neurovascular dystrophy or R&amp;D and there's a direct correlation to stress. So when Nia is in a stressful environment I get very concerned. That is strange. It is very, very, strange. But they say there's a certain type of kid that may be predisposed to having it. Kids who are like perfectionists. The type A kind of personality. Overachiever kind of kids. Oh, really is that what the-- isn't that weird? Oh, God. I'm surprised Maddie doesn't have it. Shut up Melissa. Does everything have to be about your child? I just wish Christi was here because she would have something funny to say and make us all laugh. They're just kids who are predisposed to it. But she can have this for the rest of her life. It's one of those things that she'll have forever. And it's not been for two years? It's been-- yeah. We've been two years without it. Oh, God. Well, please don't make it happen ever at duet. Well, I-- There's nothing that stressful about a duet, Holly. It's not the duet. She likes the idea of the duet. It's the idea of failure. Put your foot behind the chair. Go again. Nia, this is the third time I'm yelling at you about something ridiculous. Oh. Now, she's yelling at her. That's not going to be helpful. DOCTOR: So Holl, tell me about Nia's toe. After the dance yesterday I thought you know what, let me just take her to the ER and be done with that. Nia's been complaining recently of her foot hurting and because she has R&amp;D we take pain very seriously. And I have to be sure whether this is a painfully to injury or is this a pain related to stress. Obviously she's in some discomfort and she injured her toe, like there's no question about that. But they said there-- is not fractured. Like don't worry about it she'll be fine. So you need to get your brain in your head I'm speaking English, you know English, let's do it. - So how is everybody? - Good. Mom, it looks like you're outnumbered now. We have all of these handsome gentlemen that are standing with us. So happy to see all of you. Listen, we're going to Detroit this weekend because guess who we're going to go try and find? Abby. CATHY: What do you guys think about what happened last time? We got written off. You really dropped Abby to her knees. She-- well, maybe she's not able to drop to her knees but maybe her cankles shivered. But nonetheless, you set her up and it was great. - Let's see who-- - Let's do this. CATHY: --is going to hit the perfect pyramid. First we have Brandon. Brandon brings to the board amazing technique. Next Jalen. Jalen has moved to the middle. Next we have Zack. Zack, I think your extensions are to die for. Thank you. CATHY: So at the top and also doing a solo this week is my hot young lad from Miami, Gino. So with that being said number two tries harder. So I need game faces on. We are not a dance team that takes off their hats and the curls come tumbling. We are an army. Ready for war. CATHY: Good, good. I like you. From 1 to 10, 10 being the highest ,1 being the lowest, what's the pain in this foot right now? Probably a 7. The 7 is too high for me because that means you're feeling pain while you're dancing you're feeling pain more often than not. Nia has been treated for R&amp;D which is reflexive neurovascular disorder, which is basically a pain management disorder. Three Summers ago Nia woke up with excruciating pain. Nia couldn't walk. Nia was in a wheelchair. She was hospital bound. Came on suddenly. Nia was basically out of the dance. My sense is that it reminds me when you were back in the hospital was that scaring you a little bit? Yeah. Nia manages her pain really well on a regular basis but if she's in a stressful situation it can become inflamed. What do you think is stressing you out in particular? I'm just kind of afraid my best isn't good enough right now. You can't give up. You more than anyone else on that team deserves a spot because you worked 10 times as hard. No one else on that team was in a wheelchair. We didn't know if you were ever going to dance and now you're dancing, you owe that to yourself. Okay. Everyday Nia wakes up, she proves to me that this is a kid who is a fighter. She is a kid who wants to live every moment of her life to the fullest. What do you think about the duet are you excited? I like seeing that light in your eyes. You look happy. You look excited about it. I think for a moment you forgot about your pain in your foot and you remembered the joy of just dancing. I'm proud of you. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 1. I wonder what Christi- I wonder what she's doing now like my free time. Taking a bubble bath with a candle lit having a glass of wine. I would maybe take some cooking classes. Oh, God. Don't let your feet fly around. We're doing a group routine called avalanche. It's about burying them alive. So we have these sharp little ski bunnies, chucking up the mountain, rappelling down the mountain. Somebody misses a step there's an avalanche everybody drops like flies. Wow did you see that? HOLLY: That was different. - I never saw that. - HOLLY: That's all new stuff. Watch out, boys, the girls are coming to get you. Wouldn't be great if we-- 2 times in a row. And why don't you get up on the prop. Where is the prop? I told your mothers to get that prop. Where's the prop? Let's get that prop. I'll go look for the prop. Melissa, you know where it is. We have a very large white, heavy, wooden, prop, and it's going to serve as our mountain, and the survivor of the avalanche runs up to the top of that mountain and looks back at all the people that are no longer with her. So this is like the mountain and you're trying every which way to get up it. I'm just not getting anything from you guys. I need a kid like that's going to think outside the box. ABBY LEE MILLER: Can you slide through that? Oh, look, look, look. Oh, my god. She's the only skinny one who can fit through there. Look how beautiful she looks even playing dead she's beautiful. We wanted somebody to be found like they were dead. And I said who can I make blue? And D said, Paige would be the easiest just because she's the fairest. - I don't want her painted blue. - Yeah, that's what the girls were saying. Yeah, I don't want her painted blue. Hello, it's about time you got back here. Was she talking-- did you guys hear that? All right, listen, I want to hear all about everything but right now we have a group routine to do and I'm down a person so you're in the group. Unbeknownst to me Jackie and Sophia show back up in Pittsburgh. But you know what, I told Jackie any time that Sophia is available and wants to be part of the Abby Lee Dance Company competition team she's more than welcome. All right. Sophia, welcome to the Avalanche. We didn't know you were coming. Now that Jackie and Sophia show up I'm not really thrilled that they're here I'm just hoping that Sophia doesn't take Maddie's solo away. So was this a surprise for Abby did she know you were coming. We've been trying to come back for a few weeks now and then it just becomes like such short notice and I'm like, oh, I'll try. And then something will come up and I'll be like I can't. And so I think she was disappointed and I was actually afraid that she'd be upset with me. I'm sure any time you arrive she would be-- welcomed you with open arms. Sophia does movies, and commercials, and things like that, and I have been wanting to get Jackie alone to ask her for some of her contacts that maybe I can contact them and see if they would be interested in my kids. I've actually been meaning to call you. I have-- Brooke likes to sing, and Paige likes to do modeling, and I want to try to get their name out there and I want to get some contacts out in LA and stuff. Okay. And I didn't know if you would be able to get me. Yeah, I'll give you Sydney's agent's number. I think Jackie is a really nice lady and we seem to have a lot in common. We both want our kids to do more than just dance. We want them to get further in this career. It's been a crazy week. I feel so bad about all this crap with Christi. All I did was say her hat dropped. - It wasn't like-- - Yeah. I feel bad for you, I'm sorry. It's been crazy here. Oh, my God. Maddie hasn't had a solo since you've been gone. - Are you serious? - Mm-hmm. I just think like with Christi and Melissa they have something to lose by Sophia being here. I don't think that they shouldn't think that way. Like you're a threat to them. - Where's Kelly? - She's schmoozing with her BFF. Oh. I think she's taking her place. Jackie is taking Christi's place. Can she be her drinking buddy? I guess we don't-- she don't want us. Let's go to lunch though I'm excited. - That sounds good. - Yeah. We still never had our drink. I want you to dazzle me more than you did the last time. This weekend the routine that the boys are doing is called Top Of The World. They are doing jazz, hip hop, acrobatic, and there's a lot of personality involved. We are ultimately telling a story in this dance and I think that those kind of dances are the ones that usually are the most captivating. They're all kind of looking at a magazine that they got so they're dancing with a magazine and just ogling over this girl that they wish that they could have as a girlfriend. But it's got to be stage personality. Keep motivated. Jason. I've never seen someone-- 6, 7, and. --quite like you. Do the things you do-- Even though our team has just come together there's already a bond, there's already unity. I like the boys, they like me. But overall it's kind of fun to be surrounded by dance dads so I'm just feeling confident now. Okay, so it looked good did it look great? - No. - No, not even close. It looked better by a tenth of a point. It looks better. - I get it. - Yeah. Good. I'm glad you get it. I want you guys to go have lunch and I want you to get filled back up and once you come back in here to work harder than you did this morning. - All right. - Okay. Mm-hmm. So you're excited to be back? - What do you think about the solo? - I like it. You like it. When we arrived I found out that Abby wanted to give Sophia solo. I knew that she could pick up the choreography and that she'd be fine. But I was worried that if Abby did give her one that there would be tension and I didn't want to have that. Hey Soph, you know how Abby says she's going to tell the moms about what was going on the solos how somebody is not going to have a solo this week and she gave it to you. I know it's like really uncomfortable because we normally would never do that, like ever. So just let Abby handle it and I don't know who she's taking it away from and I feel awful. So whenever we find out make sure that you go over and you say I'm sorry and I don't know just try to make the best of it. - Okay. - Okay? Okay. I Know I just want you to be not concerned about winning or losing, just doing your best. I never cared about using it's usually about me trying my best. All right. Let's go stretch, Soph. Come on. Want to go in the room? I'll walk you in. I have to go get my shoes on anyway. Hello. Good morning. It's another day. Oh I know. I can't believe she's letting her sit down-- sit there pigeon toed. Hop it down. Circle, circle. Whoop, down. Nia's been scaring me recently about her feet. This time it just like she just has been complaining about one foot. Said it hurt a lot the other day. Not excruciating that she couldn't dance-- When's this started? The moment I really started noticing was really after that competition. As a mom, you could just tell when something's a little off with your child and I can see Nia's favoring one foot over the author since the last dance competition. Christi's calling. Is she? I don't get how she returns your phone call but doesn't return mine. When you had an argument with her you at least-- you like said something smart back to her like don't talk to me that way or something. I sat there. Maybe she just sees it as this is business. I think Christi-- I think Christi separates the two. Like business is business and friendship is friendship. I'm mad Christi hasn't called me back. I keep reaching out to her and I get nothing and it hurts. Hi, guys, how are you? - Hi, how are you? - Hello. Good. How are you guys. Where's Jill? She just went down to see Kendall or Abby. I want to know what went on with Kendall coming into this room. I sent her in. Maddie's number's completed Kendall has 40 seconds into hers. Maddie always gets more rehearsal time it's just a given. Always did and always will. Her number could be finished already if we didn't have to go over things and over things and over things. Abby don't go there, she'll learn the number and she'll do it to the best of her ability. This is a big week for Kendall. She's on top of the pyramid the same week that Maddie gets a solo, Sophia comes back, and we're going up against Cathy. It's too much pressure for Kendall and it shows. She's just good Jill, give the kid credit. - I know she's good. She's smart. - She's smart. I know and guess what? So is Kendall. Well, then Kendall, I'm telling you once, you do it wrong, do it wrong on stage. How'd that go? Yeah. Not good. It's a lost cause. She said this would be done. Maddie's done because she remembered it the first time. Oh, she's full That's just . You know what she said she's just smart. She thinks all of our kids are idiots except for Maddie and that's not fair. We all know she's not Maddie. Kendall we're going to finish your dance with time. Oh, crying again. The baby, the baby of the group. I thought it was MacKenzie, it's you. Don't call her a baby. Don't cry. You know what I can't have a kid crying doing a solo. There's no way. I'm not going-- I'm not teaching you it's disrespectful to me. You got a solo, other people didn't and you're boohooing, it's ridiculous, ridiculous. Why is she crying? What happened? Was she involved in all this? Why is she crying? Are you kidding me? Did you hear all the I just told you Abby said? Right here boom, boom. Get yourself together. Okay so you just what giggle, giggle, all change. - I don't like this. - I know. I'm really sorry I don't know what just happened but she just left crying. Jackie clearly is not used to Abby's methods of teaching. When Abby was yelling at Kendall you could see that Jackie was uncomfortable and maybe that's why Jackie and Sophia aren't here all the time they just can't take it. Let's go, we're going on to the group. Maddie move out, move out. They look like skiers. Yeah, what are they supposed to be? How can they be frozen blue if they've hats on? Now, listen to me, Sophia, we'll be doing a solo. They don't know you. They haven't seen you. Cathy doesn't know anything about you, but I only entered two solos. So Maddie or Kendall might not be doing a solo. I'm not doing it, I'm done. Uh-uh. I'm not playing her stupid game. It's stupid. She gave Kendall zero chance to look good. She gave her five minutes in there and screamed at her and made her cry. Are you kidding me? She thinks I'm a freaking idiot. Oh, my gosh, there's so many pretty things in here to look at. Did you know that Gino has a solo this weekend? - Yeah. - How do you think he's going to do? Good. Who do you think is the best dancer? - Probably him and Zack. - You think him and Zack. - What do you think about the theme? - I like it, it's cool. What do you think about boys trying to chase a girl? That's funny, huh? Yeah, I like the theme though. Here. Let's sit down. Going into the competition I know that not only do we have to beat Abby but we also have to beat her popularity. Don't you think it's kind of stupid that the boys are just pretending that there's a girl why not get a girl it's not like we don't have a whole dance studio full of girls, right? - Yeah. - You wouldn't want to do it, would you? No. No, I don't think so. - Who do you think I could use? - Ayla. Ayla. That's a bright idea. Yeah. She would be perfect. I like your idea, you're so smart. Even though Vivi isn't a woman of many words I can tell whether she likes something or she doesn't. With Gino doing a solo this week who are you hoping that he has to compete against Chloe or Maddie? Maddie. I know that Maddie is a good turner but I don't think that she can do seven or eight turns like Gino can. No. Geese, I wonder if there's something in here we could buy for Abby she was so baring with gifts the last time we saw her. I want to beat Abby that's my goal and I'm going to do and use every resource that I have to see that that happens. Maybe we can find her a cheap piece of jewelry. Oh, you better get that touched down on that lunge, Nia. Way down, way down so she can see your face. Yeah, her face. All right. Ladies, our team is getting really small. It can't be us. I think if Jackie and Sophia left it's a problem because of a job. Or maybe they're just late. Here we are getting ready to leave and there's no Jackie and Sophia. Where are they? If she knew she was leaving last night why wouldn't she say goodbye? She doesn't really belong here. I still don't understand it. I-- Jackie was very uncomfortable with the situation. The baby crying again. I don't like this. I don't. I'm really sorry. It was evident. She was like I don't do this. Why would she? She doesn't have to. This isn't her studio. No. Don't loose your face, Nia, what are you doing there? I think it's a really good duet. I mean it has a lot of personality. Well, Abby initially said when she was choreographing it. She doesn't like the music. She doesn't like the style of dance. Basically has disaster written all over it. Good, good, good, good, good. Now your mother came into the store last night you gave me this big song and dance about your foot. Do you need to get your foot looked at? I mean, is it hurt? I know. But what hurts about it, your ankle or the ball of your foot, your-- Your instep. Oh, gosh. Abby MD now. I have to go in there before she tortures and interrogates this kid. I know. Let me go, excuse me. Do you think you broke something? Hi, I thought I saw you looking at Nia's foot. I thought I'd just take her quickly just to get evaluated, just to get-- Okay, it does look a little bruised to me right here. Yeah. Look. I don't want you to think that she can't do the dance. In good conscience, if that foot is bruised, if it is really injured. Yeah I'm making it worse and I don't want to be part of that. So I'm dismissing her now. Take her, get me a clearance, then I'll do it before we get on the bus. Okay. I'll get you that clearance because I know that's she's fine. This duet with Paige and Nia is already a hot mess. Now Nia's foot is bothering her and I'm going to add an injured dancer to the mix, no way. If this routine isn't perfect and ready to go out there and win I'm not going to do it especially when we're going up against Cathy. I'm going to the doctor's. Because my foot hurts. Abby said she even sees a little swelling on her foot. I'm like "Oh, great." Oh, I thought you just-- I thought she was like yelling at you. She needs to be cleared by a doctor, a real doctor. I hope Nia comes back with a clean foot because if she doesn't we can't do our duet. Well, see you soon. Bye. Hopefully it won't be a long visit. I decided to take Nia to the doctor as a precaution just to be sure that everything's okay. I think you have to be really clear about what you're feeling. I don't want you to let Paige down. What I think it is I think you're feeling a little scared. I think you're feeling a little intimidated and you're second guessing yourself and you're worrying about it and you can't worry about it. I really hope the doctor says I'm okay and I can do the duet because I really do want to let Paige down and I really want to dance. What are you here for today, Nia? Your foot. Which foot is hurting? And how long's it been hurting? - And here? How about back here? - All of it. All of it hurts when you're standing on anything? Right. I didn't feel any type of lumps or anything, so that's good. On a scale of 1 to 10 how bad is the pain? Seven. I do recommend staying off it as much as possible. I understand she does dance for a long period of time but she does need to have time to rest that foot. Hearing the doctor say that Nia needs to rest her foot more scares me. I didn't think there was a real injury there but I just hope the doctor clears her for this weekend's competition. Well, I'm going to write you a note letting you go back to dance but absolutely stay off of it as much as you can. When you can. CATHY: Listen, we got to get busy, got to get busy. SONG: All the lights are on you As you walk into the room. Turn my head I can dance And I just can't catch my breath cause you-- So we need to finish it, right? So here's what I want to tell you I need to see this face working in it because I get so tired of listening to the Maddie charm with the face and the Chloe emotion. We need to have that secret pocket weapon that's also got passion. That's why you're having a solo this week because you bring to the stage this amazing animation with your face. And I don't, don't, don't, don't want to hear and it was a really close score with a tenth of a point. You also have to worry about pleasing me. Of course you know that should be top on your list, is it? Well, it shouldn't be it should be at the bottom of the list because going out there and doing the dance correctly should be number one, right? High five boyfriend. Okay, I want it all. Any word from Sophia's mom? Do you really Abby not know where she is? I really don't. She won't answer anybody's call. Rachel called her and said the kids are waiting to do the group number. - What are we going to do? - I don't know. Do you think she's going to show, what are you thinking? I don't think that she would do that to the team, I really don't. I think we all have a problem with her-- I mean if I have replace one blonde mom for another blonde mom, she by far, class, money-- - Yeah, but Chloe showed up for class. - Chloe is suspended. I know that I'm just saying she's not here. So you brought her in and she's not here. That's what I'm saying, Sophia is not here. I know. I don't know where she is. I don't know if she thought we were living in a different time maybe she flew. I have no idea where Jackie and Sophia are right now but I have a sneaky feeling they've headed back to LA. That kid has too many irons in the fire to be competing. TELEPHONE OPERATOR: Thank you for calling. No answer in the room. I have a surprise for everybody. Look at that. You don't see big ol' Abby coming in style this way. Okay, boys, you have to win. You know that? And if we walk out losers today, we beat Abby in transportation. - It's destiny. - CATHY: She's going down. I can feel it. - HOLLY: Who's in the limo? - JILL: Of course they are. Don't look at them. All right, just ignore them. - We're classier that that. - They have a limo. All right, let's go, guys. Nothing like arriving in style. No, I don't want you to spill it, Kenz. Oh, look at the shambly mess. Oh, did you come in the big crappy bus from Pittsburgh? Hey, you know what, Ab, that hair is not gonna make the limo look any worse. Cathy, go to hell. Oh, Abby, please. Such terrible language in front of children. You know what, she just fumbled. I think somebody just fumbled the ball. BOYS: Who are we? BOYS: Apple Core! Apple Core! Apple Core! I want to introduce Kathy. And this is a little boy from Seattle, Washington. Hey, listen Abby, Abby, Abby, Abby. A young man from San Diego. Abby, Abby, you know what? RICK: What is your point? What is your point? This is a dog training tool. That she's a fake. It makes the dogs sit down and shut up. Are you saying that every girl at your school started and finished there? Yes. Every single girl at your school has never danced anywhere else? No, but they have to be in my studio for one year. - Sir! - Okay, I rest my case. Talk to your wife like that. Don't talk to another woman like that. I don't talk to my wife like that because my wife wouldn't talk to children like that. - Listen, Abby-- - You have no right to even be here. I want to tell you something, you're just scared. Amen, amen. You're just scared. Let's go. Running into Cathy before competition is never a good idea. That woman knows how to stir the pot. I need my girls to be focused and ready to win. I am regretting the day I ever invited Cathy to come to our studio. MELISSA: I have to tell you what Jackie told us about him. Okay, you know what? I got to tell you something about Jackie first. I just want you all to know that I am the reason she is not here. I sent her away. I'm just going to leave abruptly like that, it's not very professional or reliable. And we left-- we didn't really leave we were just your parking lot. - And you have given us-- - No, you left. These moms always accuse me of using their daughters as pawns in this game of competition. But you know what? They should have had their daughters in the studio while they were out in the parking lot waging a war against me. Nia can go by herself. That's fine. HOLLY: You know, when I sent her by herself last season, you grilled me to no end. And I was not only finished, but done. Well done. I think she's immature and I think she needs to grow up a little bit. You didn't walk in her shoes when she couldn't walk and she was in a wheelchair. Are we on this feet thing again? We are because that's who she is. She doesn't use that to define her, she doesn't use it as a crutch. But every now and then she does have pain, which is real. - But there's no injury. - It's real. I'm about this far from pulling the duet. HOLLY: No she needs to do the duet to prove to you that she's capable of dancing. And dancing well through pain. I know, but your mouth is ugly, woman. You are a monstrosity of evil. You want to talk about ugliness. You're done, you're done. No duet. - Whatever. - ABBY: I'm a monstrosity of evil? - Yes, you are. - I'll show you evil. That's your name and reputation. Yeah, I know, evil monstrosity, I got it. I have to do something to keep these moms in line. Last week, Christi flipped out, and now Holly is acting up. If there aren't consequences for their horrible behavior, they're just going to keep doing it. Three years ago I didn't know if my kid could walk again, let alone dance again. And she's making fun of it, making a mockery of it. That's wrong. But you know what, Nia has survived much worse than this. And this would just reflect on how mean spirited that woman is. Because that's why I'm here to defend my kid when she acts like a fool. Wow. - Where's Abby? - Not here. Not here, she's mad. Where's Sophia? Oh, and by the way, we're missing someone. Yes, we are, we're missing a key person in our team. Where is she? JILL: Unfortunately she was suspended. Suspend-- you see parents the kind of stuff that these poor women put up with? Suspension. You know I have fathers opening doors for me. Our fathers would open the doors for us too. Well, yeah, you guys just never bring your fathers. - So, I'm so sorry that Abby's pouting. - JILL: No, no, she's not pouting. And that you guys are sitting here threading. - No, this is to sew our hats on. - This is what dance moms do. - You guys can arrive in limos-- - CATHY: No, wasn't that fun? JILL: --and sit pretty. But that doesn't-- Oh, gosh, Jill, wasn't that fun? JILL: --make you a dance mom or a dance dad. Oh, come on, you know that was fun. - Oh, my gosh, I love your pants. - Thank you. You look cute. All right, do something with that hair, Jill. Let's go. She really is pouting. I hate to say it but we have to beat those kids. We have to. We have to beat Kathy this week, and by a lot. Not just by a tenth of a point this time. So Kelly, now that you have had your phone on for a whole day, have you tried to call Christi again? I've called her three times, she won't answer my phone calls, I'm done. You said last night you were done, I just didn't know if you tried again. I didn't even do anything. Why should I have to call her? Why are you guys so mad at each other? She obviously doesn't want to talk to me. I'm assuming because I said about Chloe losing her hat. That's the only thing I did. But are you guys going to be okay? I have no idea. I just thought our friendship was better than that. I knew something was wrong with Christi when she wasn't returning my phone calls or my texts. I mean, I thought it was just because I said something about Chloe dropping her hat, but maybe it was more than that. Well, we had a little mishap, Miss Paige. Abby and Holly got into an argument and Abby said she's pulling the duet. - But I was ready to do it. - That's what I told her. I was like, Mia's ready to dance. She's ready to prove to you that she is fine, and she can dance, and this is why she is walking and doing what she's doing. I need to talk to Abby and convince her to let these girls dance. I'm not going let my daughter be punished for something she didn't do. It's just not fair. Okay, we're all set? Duets pulled, Kendall is on shortly. - Do we really have to pull the duets? - It's done. It's already finished. No, your mother was rude to me. I'm sorry, it's done. I pulled it, over. I'm not going to be spoken to that way. Not by a man downstairs, from Cathy and not by you. Abby giveth, Abby taketh away. Nobody is going to speak to me that way. I didn't put up with it from Christi. Tell her to keep it up, and you'll be suspended. Abby, I am asking you in a very professional, motherly way, to give Nia back that solo. - No. - She has earned it, Abby. - And you screwed it up. - I did not screw it up. - Yes, you did. - Paige would like to dance. ABBY: I understand, Paige. Sorry, you're a victim of the circumstances. - You're not doing the duet. - But you are evil. - That's why I called you evil. - Okay, come on. - Kendall, are you ready for evil? - Let's go. This is Kendall's time to shine. I really need for her to focus. And all this business with Cathy, and Abby pulling the duet it's taking away from Kendall's time. I need Kendall to be amazing so she can stay on top. Come on, guys. Do you think Holly and Kelly are coming? Where are they? ANNOUNCER: Please help me welcome to the stage, Kendall. Performing Mask, contestant number five. My name is Miss Liza Perone. I was adored, I was explored. Halloween I'll come back, back for more. Halloween Yes he'll scream. Face Scream for more. Go Kendall! Kendall was all right. She needs to work on her face, and her emotions. Luckily I still have Maddie to go up against Cathy's boy. ANNOUNCER: Please welcome Gino with "All of the Way" Go Gino, all the way. Oh hey, all the lights are on you as you walk into the room. Turned my head, I confess. And I just can't catch my breath. I'm falling down. All of the way is how I feel for you, baby. All of the way, I know you feel it too. I've been wanting to say it but the words don't say enough. And I'm falling down. That's how you do it, Gino! - Good job, buddy. - Good job, Gino. Going up against boys is always hard. They don't necessarily need to be better to win. Judges love seeing guys out there performing. So they judge them high in order to encourage them and keep them dancing. I don't know, I think Maddie can beat this kid. KELLY: We need to go back in there and be like, you didn't hurt us. We're not upset. Show her that you don't care what she does. Kelly is right. I need to get it together and not let Abby see me down. She does not have power over me. Come on, let's go talk to her. I did everything I could to get Holly to calm down and just come back into the green room. And I'm just hoping that Abby changes her mind and lets the girls do the duet. All right, girls, so we're getting ready, but you still might not be allowed to do the dance. When Abby comes in, we're going to ask her to talk to her. You'll probably have to just go right to stage, so you guys have to be ready, okay? The duet has to be even better than she expects. Don't give Abby the satisfaction of even saying I told you so. Show her that you're just absolutely incredible. Use your face. Make that first left shoulder sharper. Maddie is about to perform her first solo after weeks and weeks of being off. And Maddie's no dummy, she knows exactly what she needs to do. ANNOUNCER: Next will be entry number 49A. And please help me welcome Maddie with "Quicksand." Come on Mad Dog! Have I come this far just for it to all fall down? Watching all of this success slipping through my hands. So someone help me please. My hopes are too high. And the stars are too far to reach. Thank you. Thanks so much. You made her so happy. Maddie just finished her solo and it was amazing. I think she was flawless. Abby was pleased, she grabbed my hand and she was really happy. Hey please listen. When it's time to compete, compete to win. I said they can be your friends afterwards. Right and we all agreed, right? Nobody is your friend before the competition or during. Because we want to win. ALL: One, two, three, team Apple Core! Last week we lost to Abby by a tenth of a point. We can not lose to her this week by a tenth of a point. We need to make such an impact that there's a huge margin, and there's no question as to who should be top overall. No I know it's an intense dance, but we need to focus. Use our brain. Bring on the acting, bring on the technique, and do not ever even think about hesitating your movement. ANNOUNCER: Here we go, it's entry number 89. Please help me welcome to the stage Top of the World. I see you in the clubs, I've never seen someone quite like you. Do the things you do, yeah you're that girl I choose. Oh, yeah, I just want to dance, dance, dance with you tonight. Give me the chance, chance, chance with you all night. As I move closer lift your body higher. You'll be on top of the world with me, on top of the world. I just want to dance, dance, dance with you tonight. Give me the chance, chance, chance with you all night. As I move closer lift your body higher. You'll be on top of the world with me, on top of the world. Whoa whoa, whoa whoa, whoa, whoa Good job, that's how you do it. I think the routine was just the same exact steps they did the week before. My kids learned something new. We have to win. I mean, it's a matter of life or death. It's survival. These boys can not get one over on us. Let's see what we can do with this group. Brooke's my major concern. Brooke, you want to get your stuff off and put a white unitard on? See how good you look in it? There is so much riding on this group routine. I need to make sure everything is perfect, especially the costumes. We don't have enough shorts. Did they get shorts? Look in there, see if there's shorts. How many shorts do we have? Three, we got to get going. Get her up off the floor, get up. Abby are we not going to have them do their duet? No, they're not doing the duet. Abby you always tell us that our kids don't show you that they want to dance. They're dressed, they're ready to dance. I know but I'm not going to go back down there and change what I did. I pulled it. It's wrong. I know that Holly is pissed right now. But I don't care. I only have one thing on my mind, and that's beating Cathy. I need to stay focused and move forward with this group routine. If you guys want to be in the group dance, I suggest you're going to get those off and get these costumes on. Because we have to figure out what's going on. All right, come on. KELLY: Shows how we rate, Holly. You all have cursed that woman out. You have all cursed her out. I called her one thing. I called her evil when she called me ugly. There was nothing I did wrong. KELLY: Of course not. HOLLY: It's an abuse of power. And she abused her power right there, shame on her. Everything is serious, okay? No smiling. Good luck ladies, have fun. ALL: 1, 2, 3, 4. 1, 2, 3, 4. 1, 2, 3, 4. 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2. Whoa, we got this. ANNOUNCER: All right judges, up next it's going to be entry number 88. Please give it up for "Avalanche." Come on. Was it good? We all landed on the right time that was good. No we didn't, not on this part. The line? Someone in the back didn't. I am really concerned right now. The girls made several big mistakes. I'm just hoping the judges didn't notice. Because I want this win. I need this win. And now our 9 to 11 high score solos. Eighth place regional champion, Gino. I thought the choreography really didn't suit him. Gino would have been much better off doing a musical theater piece. ANNOUNCER: Now ladies and gentlemen, it comes down to our final two. High score 9 to 11 solo. Less than one point separated the difference between these two. Second place regional champion will be Alexandra, "Below Zero." Aw. Now ladies and gentlemen, by less than one point. Your highest scoring 9 to 11 solo tonight will be entry number 49 A, Maddie with "Quicksand." I Was so excited to beat that boy and get first place. I hope Miss Abby never takes away my solos again. Here we go, in our 9 to 11 in small groups, ladies and gentlemen. Third place champion is Avalanche number 88. Second place, "Boy Meets Girl" number 84. Now, ladies and gentlemen, in your 9 to 11 small groups. The highest scoring group today, in a very competitive category. Your champion and winner will be "Top of the World" entry number 89. They wanted to beat us, they're going to beat us. Congratulations again. In good company, that was a fierce category. Ladies and gentlemen put your hands together for our top performers. Everybody take a bow, let's hear for them. There you go. It's always a happy feeling to win. And it was like the cherry on top of the sundae to beat Abby. So, Abby, how you feeling? - I'm fabulous. - Great. It was a great number, fell short though. Let's talk about third place. Let's talk about it. These boys have you rattled. They don't have me rattled. Oh really, then why are you so agitated? Their obnoxious dads do. And you don't have obnoxious moms? Oh, lots. How about your it girl, Kendall? She couldn't even place. I'm still trying to erase the bad habits she picked up. You know what? You're going to see more of me. Cathy, let's get this kid and put her against McKenzie. You know what, don't you dare talk about that kid. - JILL: I heard you talk about my kid. - Shut up, Jill. - Don't talk about my kid. - What you have on doesn't matter. You're rude and disrespectful. That's why your children left. Now you know how it feels. Let's go, big boy. You were all mouth before. You're too busy digesting that crow you had to swallow. Oh I didn't swallow any crow. My child just went out there and won. It doesn't matter. At the end of the day, you still lost. Who was the little girl that showed up for 16 counts? Oh I'll go get her for you. I'll let her show you what she can do. Where's Ayla? - So. - Cathy no one wants you here. Do you think if I throw this on her the witch-- Shut your mouth. Whoa that was good. - No I didn't-- - Let me see. --mean to do that. I didn't mean to do that. No, really, I thought the witch would melt. No, really, I apologize. - I didn't even know the lid was off. - You know what? Because I didn't mean to do that either. If Christi can come after me. Oh my God. You are such-- You gonna hit me with your purse? --a bitch. Oh please. Fight! JILL: Come on, bring it on bitch. - Don't do it. - ABBY: That woman just hit me. - - Go ahead, water doesn't hurt me. - Grow up. - You grow up. - And get a life. - You are such-- And don't say anything about my childhood ever again. Come here, chill. You don't deserve to-- Shut your mouth. --look at her with those disgusting eyes of yours. You're so two-bit Jill, it's not even funny. Get lost, bitch. Whoo. Oh, my God. She is low class dirt. Dirt. I have lost to her, I don't know how many times. And I win big, and not a tenth of a point, one time. And I end up with water, and being screamed and yelled at, and drenched. They are the worst losers that there could possibly be. She's screaming at you, be thankful you don't have her as a teacher. Be thankful you guys don't have her as a teacher. You know something? She's going down the next time, and the next time, and the next time. The next time, I'm using Aqua Net. Can I get it, can I get-- what's up, aye, boy, come here. Yes, we did it. You guys are official top overall winners. Beating Abby Lee! We need to hear the chant, and loudly. Ready! Who are we? ALL: Apple Core, Apple Core, Apple Core! Who are we? ALL: Apple Core, Apple Core, Apple Core! Yes. Sometimes people just cross the line. Cathy crossed the line. It's been a rough day and I've had enough. JILL: I see that, yeah. ABBY: Hi. So your blood, sit. I just put kids onstage. This is ridiculous. I've never seen Abby like this. I think losing to Cathy really got to her. Abby, your blood pressure, I'm just worried she's going to have a heart attack. I got in a fight with a man earlier who was belligerent. Now I come and this woman Kathy comes in. First she brings three men into the dressing room, which I don't appreciate. And then she whacks me with a purse. Then I came in my dressing room and got in a fight with my own student and her mother Holly. What goes around comes around, and karma's there when you need it. ABBY: So it's been a long day. I was in the wrong, I know that. I've had it. I've had it, I'm finished. ABBY : Next on Dance Moms. Yo blondie, you were gone for a week. You know what? My daughter has a name. How about if you just shut your mouth? I told Christi I would talk to her, I want to talk to her in private. All I know, is when Kelly has had bad times, I've been the first one to stick up for her. If you can't answer my phone calls, then you. you.
