ABBY LEE: Previously on "Dance Moms." Here we are! New York City. We need to work on "The Last Text" for The View. Asia, walk in and take over. They're going to forget about you. What's that? CHRISTI: What's this? What's she doing? It's a thank you card for letting me on the team. Oh! We are holding an open audition. We found a girl. Hello. Let me hear it for Candy Apples. Are we going to win? ALL: Yeah! ABBY LEE: Coming up on "Dance Moms." Do not embarrass me with Cathy. Do not embarrass me in New York. - Christi-- - Yes, I'm speaking. Look at me when you talk. Excuse me? I'm looking you in the eye, bitch. ANTHONY: Step out of my face. You want to see me in your face? Tell her to ignore me because I don't say nothing to her. I'll kick you right in the .. KELLY: Paige? I didn't want my daughter being humiliated. And instead of it going away, she did it in front of an entire live audience. THEME SONG: Get up, get on the floor. My world is with my girls, Livin' on the dance floor. Step back. should back up. Then the turns. Who backed up? This week, we're here in New York City and "The View" was amazing, but now I got to get back to business. We are attending the Masters of Dance, and I know that Cathy's going to be there, and she's gunning for our heads. I have solos going, plus a very controversial group number. Everybody is in the group routine. Asia, you will be performing a solo. I have another solo going to Chloe. Maddie, you will also be doing a solo. All right, listen up, girls. This is the way it's gonna go. "The View" today, although spectacular, took up a lot of our good time. So I'm gonna start with the solos. I need everybody to have their head on straight and ready for this competition. Put a chaine in there. CHLOE: This week, I have a solo called "My Obsession," and Miss Abby said it's kind of contemporary, kind of jazz a little bit. And she said the story is am I obsessed with winning, am I obsessed with dancing, am I obsessed-- Like, what am I obsessed with? And what is your obsession? With dancing and trying my hardest and never giving up. CHRISTI: So, KRISTIE, how are you feeling after "The View?" The same. Who's gonna be in the dance? ABBY LEE: You are gonna do the number. - I don't know. I just think, you-- - You know what? You're the first to say I go from 0 to 60. And you're like, "Oh, well, whatever." KRISTIE: You know why? You know why? I expected more of a fiery reaction out of you. You know, I probably would have been more fiery if I didn't read it before it came. All right, that's honest. JILL: I think everybody kind of read it before you came. Oh, you did? The way it played out, it's like, I already knew, and so-- CHRISTI: No, but don't you feel like a pawn? Like, that would make me mad. - Well, I-- That's what I said. I said I'm over the charade. See, if I had a kid that couldn't understand or wasn't mature enough to just whatever. It's like an audition. She's been in enough times, in auditions where that's why it doesn't affect her, and she's not as sensitive to it. These moms today, you know, treated Asia and I as like, an outsider, and they didn't want Asia to dance. And you know what? I'm not intimidated. We're here to stay, and I've dealt with more difficult situations than Asia not being on that "View" stage. CATHY: OK, guys. So the group dance is going to be like the Day of the Dead and it's a celebration, even though death-- which is not so much a celebration-- is going on. This drives me insane. What is-- is this--? Do you want it to be a fist? - ANTHONY: A fist. - This is not a fist, boys. This, to me, is weak, weak. Today is about nitpicking. Anthony is gonna get-- he's gonna get fired up today, because this number has so much potential. It's the love that's making us feel this way. This is all about making you amazing! ANTHONY: Foom, here, you chassé. Foom. - No, It's too small. - CATHY: Big chassé. - You're like-- - CATHY: Big chassé. You have to from here. Look, let's go back down. Chassé. And then, look. This all-- Look at my-- You have to watch and pay attention to detail. You stop and do everything way too fast. CATHY: Victoria seems like she's a pretty well-rounded dancer. She takes corrections very well. She is not shirking or shunning to Anthony's sometimes brutal coaching. She's absolutely beautiful, and she is completely portraying the role that we want her to for this group number. ABBY LEE: All right, listen to me. What I'm telling you about this number, it needs to make people feel something. And if you're not feeling it, they're not gonna feel it. If we tell a story, if those judges are in tears, Maddie, we need to make them feel something. And you don't know in who's life out there that's happened. The group number this week is called "Runaways." Lots of privileged children run away from home. It's a problem in society today. I feel this is getting the judges to feel something. Getting our audience to be moved in some way. If I can do it in an artistic way, in a respectful way, but I can make the judges see something and feel something and learn something, why not take the opportunity? Here. You're hand, and you look to them for help. Look to her for help. Uh-uh, turn your back on her. CHRISTI: Does anybody here-- I know the answer used to be do we think Cathy's a threat, and it was always no. But now that she has these boys, and they beat us, - do you think she's a threat? - JILL: I do. I don't think Cathy's a threat. I think the boys are a threat. And it has been shown with a good choreographer, not Cathy, to beat our kids. So, yes, her boys-- her team is a threat. She is no threat. It's temporary. I think the group that she had that danced and got the 300, I think that group is amazing and it's threatening. Right. But that number would not have been the same without Geno and with Jalen coming in and spinning on his head. Will spin for food, or, dance or whatever. Spinning on the head, I don't see him fitting in. Can he be put into a contemporary routine and it be just as good? No, I don't think so. Mm-mm. You're looking at your hands, like, I did this. Like, wipe your and take your hands and be, like. And then you are, like, take your hands and push them away from me, like, "get away." Go. Whack! Down. Start to roll in pain, agony, and look at her like, help me. And you push her hands back. No, no, no no, no. Yeah. JILL: She's the bad girl. Hey, it's a role. I don't care. I don't care, it's a role. You got to act, you got to act. Oh, I don't know. It's a little bit sensitive, wouldn't you say? No, but I-- you know what, I don't think that way. If she walks or Abby kicks her out, then that's on her. My kid has a voice. She can raise her-- she can speak for herself. But she's seven. She hasn't cried yet about the that's been going on. But wait a minute. You just said that your kid doesn't cry. I think that it was put it out that she cried twice since she's been here, KRISTIE. - When? - Uhh. Name one, about a dance. - Yeah, it was about a dance. - What about? - What? - About the duet. No, she didn't cry after the duet. - Yes, she did. - I thought she did. KRISTIE: No, she didn't. - Holly? Apparently with Kristie, you can take away her daughter's role in dancing on a national television talk show, but don't you dare say that she cries. I think Jill saw her when she came out. Really? Really, Kristie. You can sit there and say, "Really, Jill? Really? Really? - Yes! - Back up. No. - After you ran in and saved her-- - Uh-huh? She said, "Oh, I was crying because I felt sad for Nia." No, no, she was not crying. She was crying, just face it. Don't sugarcoat it, Kristie. Don't put me in the same boat as you. My daughter wears her heart out on her sleeve. She doesn't have to go in the bathroom to cry-- - She didn't. - --and pretend she didn't. Asia felt bad that Nia got yelled at. You just said Asia has a hard shell, she doesn't cry. - She cries. - Give up. Give up. You're not getting to me. I'm not gonna give up because I was there. Give it up. You're raising your voice. I don't care. You're the one that says it never will happen. - It already happened. - I didn't say never. I did not say never. I said that my daughter's strong enough to handle it. OK, she didn't handle it the other night. So get it straight and don't get it twisted. - And get your facts-- - It's not twisted. KRISTIE: Get your facts right. Get your facts right, Jill. I don't mind if my child cries, she's seven. she can cry all day long. So what? Who cares? MELISSA: So we're taking the kids ice-skating today, something fun for the kids. I don't think this is the best thing to do before a dance competition because Abby's going to freak out if she finds out. JILL: Here, here, here. Here's a two. - Who's a two? - MELISSA: That's Maddie. GIRL: Maddie. MELISSA: Maddie, put your skates on. I am your mother. Put your skates on. Do you know what this is about, Maddie? It's about fun. Have fun. Stop crying. CHRISTI: Maddie didn't want to ice-skate because she needs to be the best at everything she does. And clearly, she's not an Olympic gold medalist in figure skating, so she didn't want to skate. KENDALL: Asia, Asia, why aren't you going? - KENDALL: Why? - KRISTIE: OK. - She's not allowed to. - KENDALL: Why? KRISTIE: 'Cause she can't be hurt. CHRISTI: Well, nobody can be hurt. Well, I know. She's not going to do it. She knows why. Well, it's up to you. You let your kid skate if they want to. I'm not playing their game. I'm not playing their game. You're not skating. Asia, you know why you can't skate. JILL: She was an ice-skater, for God's sake. MELISSA: I don't know why it's so important for Kristie to tell us that Asia never cries. Here's some tears now for Asia. I thought she didn't cry. MELISSA: Here, we have to hold hands. Oh, I'm not holding your hand, you're gonna pull me down. KELLY: Hold on! Aah! Come on, I'll hold your hand, Maddie. JILL: Chloe, I can turn like you! MELISSA: Are you staying on the wall the whole time? - Yeah. - MELISSA: I think that's good. Stand up! Come on. Hey, You're not gonna fall on the ice. MELISSA: I'm sorry, Your Highness. KELLY: Oh, right into the wall! ANTHONY: Seven, eight. One, two, foom, foom, fah, hoom. Yup. And so, this is where you have to evoke that spirit, like the spell. Foom! CATHY: The name of the duet is "Illusions of Dance." And it's gonna be pretty magical. We have two magicians. One is very formally trained, and the other magician is a street magician. Boy, wouldn't it be nice if Anthony could just go "Hocus Pocus" and poof-- Abby disappears? I could go like-- - Then, yeah, to go five, six, seven, eight, yes? - Yeah. - And Jalen, when you run back-- - ANTHONY: And find each other. --make half circles with your feet. Yeah, so when you, when you fa-- roll on the floor-- Half circles. Can you tell him what you need to tell him so I can continue? You're over there talking to him, Anthony. I'm not gonna just stand here and not help out. We're in a time crunch, OK? And I got where you're going. You don't know where I'm going. - CATHY: That you're the artist. - You don't know where I'm going. - Can you please be quiet? - No. ANTHONY: I'm giving them both a note to roll on the floor, and you're talking to him while I'm talking to him. Listen, if I'm gonna be able to step in to help out, that's what I'm gonna do. But you don't know what you're talking about. - Oh, really? - You don't know what you're talking about. - Oh, really? - Yes, really. - I don't know what I'm talking about? - Yes, really. If you're gonna give the note-- ANTHONY: If you're gonna get in my face, step out of my my face. Step out of my face. You want to see me in your face? You will never be in my face. Then don't be condescending to me. - You will never be in my face. - Don't be condescending to me. - You will never be in my face. - OK. Then don't tell me not to get in your face if I'm not in your face. ABBY LEE: Asia, we're going to start with her. And you all are going to do 100 push-ups. She doesn't have to do the 100 push-ups 'cause she didn't ice-skate. You were selfish, you were naive, and you put this entire group in jeopardy. I found out the girls went ice-skating. The Abby Lee Dance Company contract is very specific. No ice-skating. These are things that protect your child, as well as the group and the choreography and all the money that's gone into doing a competition. You know, when somebody gets hurt, everybody else has to pay for it. Love cries. Asia has an amazing solo this week. It's called "The Robot." And it's going to be hard to keep her a little stiff, but we're gonna try. JILL: Look, all the girls are doing push-ups and Asia's running her solo. What's that about? Did the kids have a really good time? - They did. - That's all that matters. Sometimes they have to just be kids, like-- - Enjoy their childhood. - For God's sake. KELLY: Abby's sitting here making these kids do push-ups because they went ice-skating. Abby, what did you do while the kids were ice-skating? Did you maybe go for dinner? Maybe you should be doing the sit-ups and the push-ups. I still stand. Asia knows, and she's not going ice-skate two days before competition because you can't be 100% sure an accident won't happen on the ice. That's not what you said yesterday. Well, I'm telling you now. After thinking about it, we have two days out for a show. You want to just take that chance? I don't, as a mother. My daughter's a dancer. Why are you getting all bent out of shape? Nobody's asked you. - Christi. Look at me when you talk. - Yes, I'm speaking. Look at me when you talk. Excuse me? Look at me when you talk! CHRISTI: Excuse me. - Excuse me. - I don't want to look at you when I talk! Well, then don't talk to me. Well, then don't talk to us. - Nobody asked you! - I'm answering a question. Nobody asked you a question. Yes, you did. You just asked me a question! You need to settle yourself down. KRISTIE: No, I don't. 'Cause guess what? CHRISTI: You need to settle yourself down. You look at me when you talk to me. Don't look at your phone. Look at me! Don't you tell me what to do! KRISTIE: I'm telling you what to do! It's important that if someone is gonna talk to me and ask me a question, is that they look me in the eye. Not ask me a question and look away and then make faces. It's disrespectful, and you're not gonna do it when you're talking to me. I'm sorry that you guys are miserable! - We're not miserable. - KRISTIE: You guys are miserable! Our kids are happy. Then look at me when you talk to me! I don't want to look at you when I talk to you! You guys are so caught up on, "Oh my, God," complaining about every little that happens. I don't know why you're being so emotional about this. Because Christi and Jill bring it up, and then Christi's over there, standing there, making faces like, "Oh, my God, I can't believe she's saying that. - "Oh my God." - I can't. But then you can't look me in the eye and then-- I"m looking you in the eye, bitch. Bitch, let's go. Let's go. - I'm not that way. - Sit down. Exactly, so don't call me a bitch if you can't back it up! I'm not that way. - Settle yourself down. - No, I don't. Do not call me a bitch if you can't back it up. CHRISTI: I can back it up, but I don't fight like that. OK, then don't use those words towards me. I think Kristie is going to knock the other Christi out. And I'm just like, "Stay away. "I don't fight. I'm a lover, not a fighter." - Watch your tongue! - You need-- - Watch your tongue! - Get your finger away from me. I'm telling you, watch your tongue. - You call me a bitch one more time-- - What, are you gonna hit me? - Watch your tongue. - What, are you gonna hit me? Watch your tongue. - CHRISTI: Are you going to hit me? - Watch your tongue. You don't tell me what to do. What, are you gonna hit me? Watch your tongue. ABBY LEE: No, I love her. I hope she slaps her in the face. CHRISTI: Why am I the one in trouble when this is going like this? Why are you so violent? I'm not violent. You just-- you just don't-- you just don't know how to handle me. That's why. JILL: Kristie Ray is a time bomb. I have no idea what Kristie has in mind when she jumps out of her chair and gets in Christi's face. KRISTIE: Save it. Save it, Christi, save it. CHRISTI: You save it. Save it. Save it, OK? CHRISTI: You save it. Save it. I'm not looking way now, am I? Good. Now I taught you a lesson. You taught me how I don't want to behave. Save it. Sorry. ABBY LEE: Masters of Dance Arts is supposed to be a big competition. There's a lot of schools going, and they're good schools. And anytime Cathy shows up, it always puts me on edge. Ever since she has this "boys team," I'm a little nervous, 'cause we all know the boys can beat the girls in a dance competition. CHILD: Yeah! Do not acknowledge them. They don't exist. MELISSA: Where's Cathy? Vivi's always sick. Vivi's really sick? Cathy's not here at all? Cathy's not here. JILL: Our kids are here, Cathy's team is here. No Cathy. Hallelujah! There is a God. KELLY: Well, I heard that little girl with Cathy is from Larkin. ABBY LEE: She is. KELLY: So, is she good. ABBY LEE: I'm sure she's good. I mean, that studio's really good? ABBY LEE: Yes. Plus, I think she's actually a ballet student. We asked her if she was a ballet student. - She looks like she she was more ballet. - She said she was a ballerina. KELLY: Abby. Did Anthony come to do their group? Yeah. - You want to really know the truth, what my real opinion is? - Yes. I think he's wonderful, but he's the kind of choreographer-- they choreograph for themselves, and they want the kid to look like them. They don't choreograph for the kid, what the kid does well. There's a difference between being an amazing dancer and being an amazing choreographer. Right. That's why I win. ANTHONY: So when-- I should probably, uh, start doing a little warm-up, too. Come here, Vice. Can you help her out, Ma? Aha! Doctor-- doctor's in the house. Oh, look at Little Oozy-woozy. Well, I can't see your face, dude. How do you feel, Victoria? - Good. - That's all? You gonna give me one word every time I ask you a question. - Excited! - Yeah? Very excited to dance on stage. Yeah, exactly. That's what I'm talking about. Five, six, seven, eight. Oh. Put an arm raise on that one. JILL: So you guys think Cathy will show up? Oh, I think she's coming. I can't believe that she would leave her team high and dry, not even show up. Last time she was pretty smug. It's tough to get there it's harder to stay there. She's probably thinking-- HOLLY: No. I think she's pretty kind of confident. That's what I said. She's pretty smug. She probably thinks she-- she doesn't need to be here because she has it all wrapped up. Yeah. Has anyone heard from Cathy? WOMAN: She's-- Have you guys heard from Cathy? - Not yet. - No. Vivi's sick. You're going to be our fearless leader. WOMAN: Yeah. ANTHONY: Long as Abby don't come up in my face, you know? - MAN: I got you. - Between you two. Give me-- look at that, Wonder-- Wonder Twins. Wonder Twins. ABBY LEE: Woo! CHRISTI: Oh, my. Kelly, she stole your "Jetsons" outfit. JILL: Looks like Buzz Lightyear. Let me see. JILL: That's Buzz Lightyear. We need to run her number. MELISSA: Run your number. ABBY LEE: Sickled feet! Four walks. Careful! Keep your ankles together. You look pigeon toed when you're doing that. Are we ready to go? You two ready to go? JILL: Yeah. ABBY LEE: The solos are up first. If they let the wicked witch's boys get to them, they're going to crack under the pressure. And the Abby Lee Dance Company doesn't crack. You understand that the judges have seen a whole bunch of stuff-- maybe some great, maybe some not so great. All right? So you come out doing something exciting. You wake them up. But it has to be done well. Yes? You know what your mistakes are. You know what you do wrong. I don't need to remind you of them. Just don't regret the performance. Come off saying, "That was the best I could have done today." MELISSA: Abby puts Maddie and Chloe against each other, again. It's a good competition, though. They really make each other work harder. Chloe definitely can beat Maddie. Maddie can definitely be Chloe any week. It goes both ways. All right. Come on, girls! This is it! Let's go! ANNOUNCER: That was "Beauty and a Beat," number 44. All righty. We are onto act number 13. This is a Mini Open Solo. Please welcome Asia, performing "The Robot." Love crimes. Love crimes. Love crimes. Love crimes. Sneaking around the corner, wanna steal a kiss. Gonna pay the price if I can't continue this. Getting a little crazy. Lying, not at all. If I show my feelings, I'll have to break the law. Love crimes. I have to say something. If love is illegal, guess I'm guilty of love crimes. Am I the only one dealing with the feeling, having all this fun? Love crimes. ABBY LEE: Even though Asia was portraying a robot, there was nothing mechanical going on. Her face was all human. She brought that robot to life. - Wait, Asia. - Asia. It's really good to turn on. - Are you sure? - Yeah, it is. Feel the floor. - Do a little coupé turn. - I can't. Do a little coupé turn, right here. ANNOUNCER: Moving in to act number 21, this is a Junior Lyrical Solo. Please put your hands together for Maddie performing "I'm On My Way." I'm on my way. I've said goodbye. A one-way ticket on an empty ride. I'm on my way to the other side. It's time for me to leave it all behind. Sometimes I wonder why I want to be with you Over and over. ANNOUNCER: That was number 21, "I'm On My Way." Maddie has a way with her emotions. When she's on that stage, she owns it. ANNOUNCER: Next to the stage is act number 39. This is a Junior Contemporary Solo. Please welcome Chloe performing .. Standing in the winds, I'm holding my breath, waiting for a glimpse of you. The way you move, the way you move, just what you're doing-- I can't get enough of what you do. 'Cause my obsession is you. CHRISTI: I think Chloe was brilliant in her solo. She danced very well, and she is a force to be reckoned with. Congratulations! No one's stopping by? No. You already got a hug. Congratulations. Vivi-- Vivi's not going to breathe on anybody. I made it. Anthony giving everybody a little Cathy? - WOMAN: Uh-huh. - No. He was actually nice. - Just kidding! - Yeah, just kidding. Let's-- Yeah. Well, Zack, here's your chance. You're the Zack Attack. Here's your chance to put Maddie in her place. Let me tell you guys something. Abby is ferocious and you are awesome. Zack is going up against Chloe and Abby this week, and I think that Abby's gonna be resuscitated after she sees Zack's solo. ANNOUNCER: All right. We're going to act number 33. This is a Junior Open Solo. Put your hands together for Zack performing "Resuscitate." Hold on. It's getting bumpy. Lean on me if you need some comfort. I'm still here to hide all your fears. Oh, yeah. ABBY LEE: Zack did well. I really didn't get the routine. I don't know if he was saving somebody's life or he decided that he was a doctor but he was dying, too. I don't know. ANNOUNCER: All right. We're good to go with act number 46. This is a Junior Open Duet. Please welcome "Illusions of the Dance." His legs are amazing. He's amazing. ANNOUNCER: And that was act number 46, "Illusion of the Dance." ABBY LEE: I don't think it really was a duet. It was really two solos, side by side. Clearly, that little head spinner is not on the same level as Nick. Nick should have been doing a solo. CATHY: Hey. Nice job, Ab. Could be a big sweep this week. Did you bring your broom? Fly in on your broom? All right. We're playing the music. Run it in your head. Whoa. You OK? This is a really important number for me. And I want not only my kids to learn a lesson, but maybe to teach the people in the audience a lesson. I want you up so high on those feet. Yes! Big, dramatic boom! Bah! And I want to beat Cathy, too. And a number like this can do it. Hey. So we're getting makeup done. Oh, my gosh. Haunting. Oh, Brandon! Oh, my goodness! I think that this number has the total package. We've got fabulous costumes that Anthony has went all out on. I think that the choreography is fresh. Oh, my gosh! She looks like a KISS girl! Oh, my gosh. - MAN: Gina Simmons! - That is awesome. - Yup, it's brilliant. - ANTHONY: Now let's run this number. Come on. Let's run-- let's run it, real fast. Stronger, guys. Watch that curtain, that you don't fall. I definitely think that we stand a huge chance to beat the Abby Lee Dance Company. All right, guys, we got to go. We got to go. We're good. We're good. Hey. Let's get in one more pep talk, guys. Come on. - Hey, hey, hey, come on. - CATHY: You're good. Got to do this. ABBY LEE: Girls, "The Last Text"-- everybody got chills. When we heard the crash, we knew we had a winner on our hands. The schools talked to you about it. "Runaways"-- yes? You all are aware of this. Let's make them all aware. A teacher's success is based solely on the success of her students. Cathy doesn't have any success. ANNOUNCER: Next to the stage is act number 51. This is a Junior Open Small Group. Put your hands together for "Dia de los Muertos." ANNOUNCER: And that was number 51, "Dia de los Muertos." MELISSA: I'm so nervous about the group dance. The girls have a ton of pressure because Cathy and her boys are here. Group dance is the most important thing, and this has to go well. ANNOUNCER: All right. Next to the stage is act number 50. All right. Next to the stage is act number 50. This is a Junior Open Small Group. Put your hands together for act number 50. What did you say? The kid in the red-- red pants did know what they were doing? CATHY: I wasn't-- no, that's Paige. Paige generally doesn't know what she's doing. MELISSA: I'm watching the number, and Anthony and Cathy are talking bad about Paige. I mean, loud. I could hear it, and it was really ticking me off. It's obvious you put your best dancer out in front. So you watch the back line. ABBY LEE: I summoned Paige down off the stage. I thought that if Paige stood up to them and looked at this man and said, "If you have something to say, say it to my face," that he would rationally, as a grown adult, say, "Oh, honey, I'm sorry. I won't say anything else." I really did. But it didn't look like it. I guess because you were close to the wing, it looked like you were, you know, about to hit the wing. So it showed on your face. - And, I mean-- - ABBY LEE: Uh-uh. Uh-uh. KELLY: You're not her dance teacher, so don't give her critiques. ANTHONY: I'm not her dance teacher. That's why I didn't give her any. - Leave her alone. - CATHY: But you know what? Paige, please go up on the thing. He's rude. ABBY LEE: You've been ripping on her since you sat down. - So what? - CATHY: But he was talking to me. - Don't rip on my daughter. - I'm giving her critiques. - She's 11 years old. - ANTHONY: I'm not. She does it enough. She does it enough. - Yeah, I pay her for her critiquing-- - ANTHONY: Good. Good. And you should-- - --not you. Maybe you should get a refund. Maybe you should get a refund because those knees were bent - and she missed many a steps. - Yeah? Well, at least my daughter can get out there and dance. Your daughter can't. She's sick every week. PAIGE: I didn't really care that he was giving me corrections because I like getting crutches from other people because it makes you a better dancer. I just didn't like that he did it in front of the whole audience because it kind of got me embarrassed. It's was only the truth, Abby. That's all I was-- you know, I'm not-- I'm not saying and it's not nothing against you. You know what? Let's call Katy Perry and see what she has to say about you. - I quit. That's what happened. - - I quit. - Yeah, or got fired. Figure it out. Never. I've never, ever got-- CATHY: Oh, right. never, ever got fired from a job. Check my resume, boo. That's why I continue to work. I continue to work. KELLY: Cathy, you talk about kids. - We never talk mean about your kids. - WOMAN: You talked about Vivi. - You guys critiqued the whole thing. - Because she said something about my kid. - Was sitting there talking about Vivi-Anne? - No, I wasn't. No, she didn't-- no one said anything about your kid. - Abby called her off the stage. - Because you're talking about her. - I wasn't talking about her. I was-- - Yes, you were. I said she was lurking on the fence, which is true. She was lurking. All right, look-- this is a dance competition. This is my livelihood you either need to leave the premises or you need to act like a lady and a gentleman. I've had it. Enough! You know what then, Abby? What are you talking about? MELISSA: When you mess with one of our team members, it really makes me angry. We protect one another. And I'm telling you, she's sticking up for Paige. All right. Ladies and gentlemen, I think we're ready to begin awards. In the Mini Solo Division of competition, in third place is Miss Allison with act number 12, "It's All Coming Back To Me." Your first runner up, with a score 217 points-- Hailey, with act number seven, "Make it Fierce." And your high scoring Elite Mini Soloist with a score of 281.4 points is Miss Asia with act number 12, "The Robot." KRISTIE: Asia gets the first place overall and the Judges Choice Award. So, moms, I know you don't want us here. You say that Asia is this and Asia is that. But right now, we're leaving New York and we're winners. All right. We're moving into our Elite Junior Solo Division of competition. Ladies and gentlemen, there was a tie for second place. At Masters of Dance, ties are broken by the technique score. So with that, third place, with a score of 278.6 points is Miss Chloe with act number 39, "My Obsession." And your first runner up, with the same scored of 278.6 but a higher technique score goes to Mr. Zack with act number 33, "Resuscitate." ABBY LEE: So we have a tie, but they give Chloe third and Zack second. They use the technical score to break the tie. So showmanship, choreography, presentation, technique. Come on, Chloe, what about your technique? ANNOUNCER: And your highest scoring Elite Junior Soloist with a score of 281.6 points is Miss Maddie. MELISSA: Maddie placed first this week, again. And, you know, I was proud of her, of course. Highest scoring routine goes to-- Maddie. Abby Lee Dance Company. ANNOUNCER: Congratulations. All right. We're moving now into the Elite Junior Duo/Trio Division of competition. And your highest scoring Elite Junior Duo/Trio is act number 46, "Illusion of Dance." OK. Moving into our Elite Junior Small Groups-- in third place, with a score of 271.9 points is act number 14, "Don't Swing." Your first runner up, with a score 279.7 points, is act number 15. And your highest scoring Elite Junior Small Group, with a score of 280.1 points is act number 51, "Dia de los Muertos." Goodness prevails. ABBY LEE: It kills me that Cathy beat me. But I have to put it all into perspective. Cathy didn't beat me. One little girl that she stole, three boys from around the country and a guest choreographer beat me. That, I can handle. I thought the group dance was good. I-- I really did. I just wish we wouldn't have screamed and yelled at the end. I regret that. Do you think everybody was together in the group dance? No. I thought Asia was a hot mess. She was ridiculous. Choreography is here. When it moves this way, whoever is on this end ends up in the middle. - KRISTIE: Well, Abby-- - Asia was in the wings, on the right. Asia ruined the group dance. However, I don't know where those judges were looking, and I don't know what they saw. CATHY: Hey, Ab, how you doing? Big one for the Apples this week, huh? Get ready. Guess what, Abby? Everybody knows who Candy Apples is. And you know what? You're going to go down every week. Because you know why? You're not only rude to people, you're rude to children. You did that to poor Paige. Don't put your hands on your waist at me and look pitiful. You set that up. You're rude and you're going down. Nobody cares about Abby Lee anymore. BOY: Apple Core! Apple Core! ABBY LEE: Cathy was victorious this time, I'll give her that. But it didn't have anything to do with her skills. Cathy had nothing to do with that number. Cathy, it's not going to happen again. I just did want to say one thing. I want you all to know-- I don't want you to hear rumors and blah, blah, blah. But I am looking for property in LA. I'll be doing that next week. - MELISSA: What-- for-- to buy a studio? - Yes. Does that mean you're moving? ABBY LEE : Next on "Dance Moms"-- ABBY LEE: Brooke, these people are serious about their dancing. Don't be the weakest link. You're full of , Kelly, and you know it. KELLY: Oh, well, maybe you should get .. you, Kelly. you. ABBY LEE: You're skinny, you're blonde, you're pretty. You're telling me nobody at school hates you? Wake up. MAN: You don't have to baby these boys. A little physical exercise don't hurt them at all. - I'm taking care-- - Come here. Come here. Come here. Don't-- don't-- Shut up! What the does it have to do with Jill? What is wrong with you? I hope they lose.
