ABBY : Previously on "Dance Moms." My mother comes first. Thought you'd sneak in while I was away. You two will be doing solos every single week. Tiana, where's Abby. I'm sorry, Zack is amazing. Chloe's better technically. ANNOUNCER: And you're highest scoring elite junior small group is act number 38, "Black and Blue." I think Abby would have been proud of the performances. You don't know what Abby would say. She wasn't here. ABBY : Coming up on "Dance Moms." You are in one of the world's best places for entertainment. Don't be shy. Don't be nervous. Just act like you're talking to your friends. I can't breathe. - You OK? - I can't breathe. Can't get nervous. Don't get nervous. Listen, do it for you. Don't do it for her. ABBY: Kelly, you have driven the wedge between your children and myself. - No, Abby. - Yes. I would never allow this to happen. It's not me. THEME SONG: Get up. Get on the floor. My world is with my girls. Living on the dance floor. ABBY: Vegas, baby. I love Las Vegas. You either hit the jackpot or you lose. And there's lots of studios here that are going to join us at Nationals. So I want to set the bar high and let them know that the Abby Lee Dance Company came to win. She can do the cartwheel cut split, the jump split, the whole deal. Now-- - Hello. What's happening? We haven't even started the pyramid yet, and already those moms are marching in here ready to attack me. So there are concerns again. So we're here. And you guys-- What are they concerned about? They didn't get the right answer why you weren't at competition. Oh. Abby keeps leaving us in the lurch. We need to know if she is committed to this team and will be there at Nationals for us and the girls. After we were in Lancaster, Pennsylvania and I had to deal with Cathy, I can no longer put myself in a position to behave badly. And I think, do I go to this place where these horrible people are doing everything they can to bring me down and to make me lose my cool, when Kelly you showed up in Orlando. And I was sitting in a seat watching the competition. When the two of three judges, looked over at me and saw the spectacle. You wouldn't have made a spectacle if you would have just let me sit down. I didn't want to make a spectacle. - Well, you did. - No, you did. Because you wouldn't move. I don't have to move, Kelly. There were 1,000 seats. And I didn't have to find another seat, Abby. You should never have to ask me-- Why is it OK that you don't have to do things and I do? Who made you like Princess Abby? Abby Lee Dance Company. It's all about me. Yeah, well we weren't at Abby Lee Dance Company. We were at-- It was the Abby Lee Dance Company attending a competition. The way you didn't want Kathy to treat you and talk to you is the reason why I wasn't here for those two weeks. Cathy doesn't bother me at all. It was my behavior reacting to Cathy and reacting to you and reacting to-- And what I'm telling you is-- --all the idiots in the world. And I'm a professional and I will remain a professional. And that's the way it goes. I don't owe anyone an explanation. What's past is past. I need to worry about the future and the road to Nationals. I need the girls to get in here and start rehearsal. You are in one of the world's best places for entertainment. There are more shows employing more dancers than on Broadway right now. Last week, you had a big win. I love the routine Black and Blue. And although I wasn't present for the competition, you told the story. Everybody saw it. Everybody got it. Abby I have a quick question before you get to the pyramid. Just in general, how did you go about creating a pyramid since you weren't at the last two competitions? Well I know the results of the last two competitions. We get the score sheets from every competition and the comment sheets. So I obviously know how everyone did. But last week I was in rehearsal. I worked on the numbers. I do not believe the excuse Abby's giving us for why she was away. But you know what? She's here now and Nationals is two weeks away and we just need to focus on that and winning and move on. Page until you start to improve a big amount in the technical area, you're not going to be moving up that pyramid. And next, Brooke. Brooke, you did a solo in Ohio. You were fourth. You never used to be fourth. Last year going into Nationals, you were really strong. You won a national title. As of today's date, you're still holding on to that title. I think you should go back and look at the choreography from that dance that she did at title and then go back and look at her choreography in Ohio and compare the two. And that's why she got fourth. Kelly always has some lame excuse on why her kids don't win. Well you know what, Kelly? It's time that you and your kids own up to your own losses. Next, we have Nia. Now Nia, it's almost like your mind wants it and it's there, but your body isn't listening yet. It's not fixing the problems itself. So my advice is keep doing what you're doing and someday it's going to click. So she shouldn't be discouraged that she's at the bottom of the pyramid. No, it's just-- it's going to take more work. - OK. - Whatever you're doing, double it. And next we have Kendall. Kendall, you're inconsistent. Your facial expressions and your emotion and just your intensity is so much better in class, in rehearsal, than it is on stage. I don't know what's going to happen with you about Nationals. This is really a hard place for me to be as a mom. I know that Kendall performs better in the studio than she does on stage. All the more reason for Abby to give Kendall more solos. And next we have Mackenzie. She is not here this week. She needs to learn, there are consequences for your actions Mackenzie has made too many careless mistakes. Now I realize that the duet won last week. But it doesn't matter. All eyes were on Asia. That's why I'm sitting Mackenzie out this week. She needs to learn that this is not a shoo in because her older sister is Maddie. I think Abby's picking on Mackenzie because Nationals is just right around the corner and she really wants Mackenzie to compete. This is two weeks before Nationals. I don't need sloppy mistakes. And next we have Asia. You and Mackenzie won the overall high score duet. Kristie, Asia is improving. I think so. And we have Maddie. Maddie, you could be on the top of the pyramid every single time, outstanding. What is next for you? We all know that Maddie is a phenomenal dancer. But she needs to start setting her goals a little higher. I want to see her work towards the future. And on the top of the pyramid, congratulations to Chloe. Chloe, I know it was only 3/10 of a point. It could've been 1/10 of a point. It doesn't matter. You beat Zack. And your highest scoring elite junior soloist is Chloe with act number 22. I think more than anything Chloe being on top of the pyramid means something to her and she needs to know that she really is a good dancer. And this shows her that. We will be attending powerhouse dance competition. Asia, you will be doing a solo. You are my best bet for Nationals. I will be watching you closely. Kendall, you also have a solo. Now Kendall, you have not been consistent. This is your last shot. If Abby gives Kendall more of these solo opportunities, than Kendall will become the front runner and possibly win at Nationals. This is your audition to see if you will be dancing at Nationals. Don't blow it. Brooke and Paige, you also have solos. I'm giving Brooke his solo this week because she is our reigning national champion. And I wanted her to go to Nationals again this year. And with both girls dancing, Kelly might be just a little too busy to get up at my business. You will work every week. Don't get me wrong, I'm totally happy that Kelly and her kids have solos this week. I mean, the kids never have a solo. But I think it's kind of weird that Chloe's at the top of the pyramid and she doesn't have a solo. Is this part of Abby's grand plan to phase Chloe out? Brooke and Paige, not too many teachers want to work with you, especially not from the Abby Lee Dance Company. I'm finished choreographing Brooke and Paige's solo. Their mother has been so disrespectful to me as a teacher, as a choreographer, as a studio director, let somebody else do it. Me, as well as the rest of my staff members are finished with her and her kids. So I have a colleague, Ricky Palomino, will be choreographing both of your solos. You can blame the choreographer a million times, but ultimately, you're the one on the stage. You know it's so sad that my kids' mentor cares so little about them that she's going to hire a choreographer to come in and teach them their dance, because she doesn't have time for them. The group routine is historical Las Vegas. When I think of Vegas, I think of the Rat Pack. They were cool. They were smooth. They were entertainers. And that's what you're going to do. Asia, you will not be performing with the group routine. However, you will be rehearsing, you will be learning, and you will be swinging. You understand that? Yes. So with Mackenzie out, Asia's out too. It's more important for her to improve her technique and get better every single week. If you don't pull your weight and you don't pick up, you're out. I am not putting up with it. I am not watering things down because one or two or three people can do it. Those days are over. All right. So moms, you can have a seat outside in the waiting area. And girls spread apart. Let's stretch out. You're boys. It's smooth. It's cool. They were cool. Everybody wanted to be like them. They had swag. They were slick. I'm really excited about the group routine. We're doing The Brat Pack and it's to pay homage to the original Rat Pack. Now the girls, they need to be cool, not cute. Give me a contracted over West Side Story, Jerome Robbins, knee, knee, jump. No, big, high. Da, da, da. Smile! I think this is exciting because no one is going to expect that these girls, these beautiful little girls are be dressed up as men. You're a guy! Nia, think! All right, girls. Looking good, looking good. You're looking like the Rat Pack a little bit. No sun. No fun. No chlorine. No swimming. Yes? Watch the cracks and stuff on the sidewalk. Remember, step on a crack break your mother's back. Did you smoke one before you came on here? Hello. I'm good. How are you? I just got a phone call from Brooke's music producer saying that Brooke has been asked to do a local TV show here. I often wonder why I keep my kids on this team and this is why. Brooke is getting exposure just traveling with the team to Vegas. Thank you. Bye-bye. KVVU TV wants Brooke to come and sing and talk about her album on her show tomorrow at 12:30. - Here locally? - Oh, congratulations. I know, but we'll have to miss practice. I know Abby's going to be furious if we miss rehearsal. But it's a great opportunity for her and it makes it all worth it. Sometimes you have to take a risk. And here you are in Vegas. You get this opportunity. Take a gamble. This is an important week. I'm deciding who's going to do a solo at Nationals. I brought in a choreographer. His name's Ricky. I think that the girls will really work well with him. The contemporary piece that Ricky has chosen for Paige is entitled "one." This is Paige's first solo in a long time. By the looks of this. She has a long way to go. Boom. Oh, sorry. When you come up, it goes bevel. Close that. ABBY: That's the end? - It is. I have like a $350 costume basic without stones yet. So probably upwards of $500 being made for her. I'm excited to have a solo but I've never really worked with Ricky before. He's really nice and choreography is great. But it's still all new to me, so I'm a little bit nervous of how it's going to turn out. Thank you. - Absolutely. I'll see you later, Kelly. - OK. Hey How's it going? - We finished the dance. - Oh, good. And he said, just focus on your dance. Don't worry about it. - Isn't that nice? HOLLY: I can't wait to see this. It's a lot easier to learn, because instead of doing something wrong, he won't be like, you're stupid. When he does something wrong, he's like this. And then when I do it right, he's like, great job, Paige. Positive. Positive. OK. Go in the other room and watch. Ricky and Abby are totally different types of teachers. Paige, you were given an opportunity and instead of running with it, it was mediocre. Don't look at your mother. Every time you look at your mother, you get 20 pushups. Paige. What were you doing out there? Done! Next. No solo. I just think back and I can't even remember the last time that Paige smiled during one of Abby's dances. She makes her miserable. Let's do it. Full out. Keep it easy. No hopping. Come on, Brooke, a little bit more like. Let us see in your eyes. Brooke's solo is entitled "Now is my Time." Ricky does great leg extensions, beautiful movements, lots of changes of direction. This is a challenge for Brooke. That's what we want right before Nationals. So you can step all the way through to go ah! Cool? I feel like I'm making you nervous or something. You know what I mean? Go back to that place, like try to give yourself chills. Like now is my time. Like this is-- this is like a point of like, like, hiding but then like releasing. This is a big week for me. I not only have solo and group, I also have a TV interview so it's a lot of pressure and I'm really stressed out. Emotion, Brooke. Try to give yourself chills. Abby and I used to be really close, but we're not anymore. So maybe by me having a solo, we can come in a better place. And it's definitely not Ricky that's making me nervous. Just try to get emotional with it, like right off the bat. You know what I mean? Like this is your time. I feel like you're like at a pivotal time in your life. Like, you're becoming a woman. You know you got your music coming out. Your album is about to drop. Like you're about to-- a lot of things are happening for you. Turn the feet out. Have fun with it. Make the judges smile. Balls of the feet. Pretty legs. Foot, foot, foot. Think about the foot, the foot, the foot. Even if Mackenzie was here, I think Asia would still be doing the solo. I am featuring her as the pink flamingo from the Flamingo Hotel. She has her nose up in the air and and that tail up high. She is going to strut out on that stage like she owns the Strip. Tighten the knee. Tighten the knee. Tighten the knee. Stronger! Asia is hitting everything. I think this one is going to be the top routine in a winning routine. It's only three months. I'm really excited that Brooke got invited to go to this local news show. Don't be shy. Don't be nervous. Act like you're talking to your friends. I get really quiet and still when I'm nervous. And I'm really nervous right now. So I just really hope everything goes OK and my mom doesn't embarrass me. KELLY: You look beautiful. I don't know how you can't be nervous. Or are you just nervous and you're not telling me? They're going to ask you questions. What if they ask you a question and you don't know the answer. Are you going to be nervous? No, I'll just look at you. OK. Don't look at me because I probably won't know the answer. I'm not the smart one here, you are. I'm trying to talk to Brooke and tell her questions that I think they might ask her. And she's just like, Mom. You know, like, I'm good. Oh this is pretty. Oh, that's cute. You know just having the opportunity to get word out that she's putting out a CD is amazing. Ready? - Hm, hm. All right, let's go do this. I'm so excited. I don't know, I just wish we would go out and get it over with because the more I sit here, the more nervous I get. MALE HOST: We're happy to have Brooke and Kelly Hyland here tonight. FEMALE HOST: I'm so excited. Hi, honey. How are you? Hi, Kelly. Thanks for having us. So you've got an album that's coming out in August, right? Yes, it's coming out on August 13. And it's called Brooke Hyland. Very original name. 'Cause I hurt, yeah, I hurt all over my body. I dance. I just dance to get through. So how was it working in the recording studio? I imagine there's a whole team that you worked with. Yeah it was a lot of fun. It was something different because I'm used to dancing. So it was good to do something new. I'm really glad that we decided to go and take the time to come to the news station. I mean I know Abby's mad that Brooke missed rehearsal, but I just feel like this was a great opportunity for her and missing one hour of class. Whatever Brooke missed, I'm sure she can make up. Go in there and keep your cool. Don't get upset. OK, give me a hug. Have fun. It's dance class. I'm worried about Paige. Her relationship with Abby is making her a nervous wreck. Look at Paige down there practicing all by herself. I don't know what my option is. I said, you know, I know you want to be here. But this isn't healthy for you. And she just, I want to be here because my friends are here. JILL: You know what? I have to get. like I've come back for that like so many times. I can't do that any more. - No. - I'm like, you'll find new friends. - No. No, she won't. I mean, I know she will but these girls will always be her friends. We live so close. I'm really worried about Kelly. Brook and Paige and Kelly have been through a lot with Abby and I hate to see Paige so upset. It kills me. I want to see that face, like that image, and it's weird. It's like spooky. It's mystical. Kendall's routine is called "Luxor." And she's an Egyptian princess. So it's very important to get the arms and the hands right. And Kendall is a little lazy. She's letting her elbows drop and I want to see the straight, perpendicular, and parallel lines. Sometimes she's great in rehearsal and bad on stage. I need Kendall to be consistent. Don't dance so close to the mirrors. With Chloe's sitting out this week, this is Kendall's chance to shine. Back leg higher. If Kendall wins this competition, then Abby will have to give her a solo at Nationals. Let's go, come on in. So we're going to have the girls are going to perform one at a time. Each member of a group should be able to do that group routine choreography like a soloist. When they do it one at a time by themselves, it gives us the opportunity to see who's using the wrong arms on a turn or who's turning one more time than everybody else. Are we ready to go? Kendall's on. Come on, tighten up. I wish Ricky could teach the group rehearsal because he gives you nice critiques, not screaming at you. ABBY: Face, face, face! Come on! Got to get higher in the air! Paige, you're up. - You OK? - I can't breathe. PAIGE: I just need water. I've challenged Paige. Every single girl in the group had to the routine by themselves. She should know this stands just as well as everybody else. I don't know what's going on with you. But you need to get your act together. You are 12 years old. You are way too old to be forgetting. Paige, I think you're having like anxiety, and she gets you so nervous that you can't function. Like this is not right at a dance class. If Abby didn't have a lot of connections to get these kids ahead, I would've left a long time ago. Paige, we have to get out of here. We have to get out of here. Paige is so afraid of Abby right now. It's killing me inside. I just don't know what to do. It's OK. I'm excited to be in Vegas this week. I love the lights. I like the energy. It's just entertainment capital. So you have lots of kids who are being groomed for careers in entertainment. Why didn't Abby ride with us? - Is she coming? JILL: She's at a different hotel. - Oh, OK. JILL: She still could have met us. Maybe she's not coming. - She'll be here. She'll be here. I think the best way for me to boost Paige's confidence is for me to have her go up on stage and show Abby, I want to be part of this team. And I'm going to get up on that stage and I'm going to dance. I personally think we're the luckiest people in Vegas right now. JILL: Why? - Abby's not here. How about you girls? Do you want Abby here? Abby is coming. - Woo, hoo! - Oh, she's here. ABBY: Look at you guys. You all look beautiful. Thank you. Personally, I'm glad that Abby's here. I think she wants to make sure her girls represent her well. ABBY: Presenting. You're so pretty. Come on, let's go. JILL: What's wrong? You can't get nervous. Don't get nervous. Listen, so it for you. Don't do it for her. Right now, it's key for Kendall to nail this solo and prove to Abby that she is a contender for Nationals. Kendall knows this number, it's do or die. ANNOUNCER: This is act number 28, a junior open solo. Please welcome Kendall performing, "The Luxor." You put on your Got the world in the palm of your hand. And you will see what you pretend to be. Won't get you closer to me. I want to see ya inside. I want to ANNOUNCER: Luxor, act 28. Kendall started out strong and immediately went downhill. I don't know what's going on with her. I wanted her to really get in the judge's eyes, but she didn't do that. She was too busy concentrating on the choreography. Asia's ready, when I know she's competent and ready it's going to be a great day. I have not one concern for Asia. ANNOUNCER: All right, we're good to go. Next to the stage is act number seven is the mini open solo. Please welcome Asia performing "The Flamingo." And that was "The Flamingo" number seven. I thought I did really well and I don't think I can change anything. But I need to improve on my feet, but that's easy to fix. I think my biggest concern for Brooke's solo is for Brooke to get out there and dance the way Brooke can dance. When she dances, she holds back. And I do blame that on Abby. All right, we number 71, is 18 contemporary solo. Put your hands together for Brooke performing "Now Is My Time." I have always had a dream. But I never knew how I could find it until now. I was locked up in fear and doubt. Now is my time. I found the key, trusting that everything will come without . Now is my time. ANNOUNCER: And that was number 79, "Now is my Time." Brooke's dancing looked very abrupt. And I thought that her facial expressions were pure concentration. Ricky doesn't know what Brooke is capable of. When you're in that room with Abby, you have a look on your face like you want her approval. You don't need her approval. You need his. Go show them how fabulous you are. I think at this point my biggest concern for Paige is, I want her to get on stage. She told me I'm terrified for Abby to watch me dance. ANNOUNCER: Next to the Powerhouse Stage is act 75. This is a teen contemporary solo. I just really want Paige to go up on the stage and show Abby, I am amazing. You're going to be great. Listen to your music. Trust yourself, honey. Trust yourself. ANNOUNCER: "The One." I never thought I'd find a love quite as pure as this. You make me feel just like a child with your tenderness. I never knew all this time it was you. Now I can see how much love me. You are right by my side. It's OK. I know. I know. - Are you proud of yourself? - No. She would have don't a can-can and remembered my dance. Honey, honey, you're not going to get in trouble because I created it. I created it. OK? I bet $100 that she was going to forget it and run off the stage. Her mother doesn't bring her to class. So this all goes back to Kelly. It's her fault. She's afraid of her dance teacher. She is scared to death of her dance teacher. No, you're not going to get in trouble, Paige, because guess what? She's not your teacher. She didn't teach you. She's horrible. And you're trying to do your best for her? We're all crazy. When Paige came off the stage, she said, all I wanted to do was show her that I could do this. And I couldn't cause she scared me. Paige is a wreck and I just feel like this is the worst thing that could have happened. And I hope that Abby doesn't take it out on Paige. I mean, the kid's only human. Abby, are my girls in the group dance? You brought in choreographers. This is not about your children. This is about you. You need to play by my rules. I asked for choreography that was what my kids can do. - Well, you know what? - I wanted them to be challenged. - I am the best thing for Paige. - OK. I am the best thing for Paige. Because you know what? She had a gorgeous costume. She was doing a can-can. And Paige would have done it. She would've went out on that stage and she would have looked gorgeous. I know that. But guess what? My daughter was a wreck all fricking week. And now my kid is having attacks because she is afraid of you, and afraid of what you're going to do to her. And you're allowing this with the relationship that you had with my kids and me. OK, understood. I'm hearing you. And it breaks my heart. It is horrible. Kelly, you have driven the wedge between your children and myself. - No, Abby. - Yes. The things you say to them has driven the wedge. - No. - And it's not me. I would never allow this to happen. It's not me. Seeing Kelly break down at a competition like this really disturbs me. When I look at Kelly, I don't see the mom of two dancers in my company, I see my own student when she was 12 or 13 years old crying her eyeballs out. That's when she stopped dancing. And I think Kelly could have had a great future. I just hope she doesn't do the same thing to her two girls. You have to trust me. The dance that I had planned for you, you could do. You need to trust that when I put you out on that stage, it's not to fail. My job is to make every kid that leaves my studio, that wants to be a professional dancer, ready. Understand? I do want to dance for Abby. I've known her my whole life. I know that she can be really mean and tough, but I love to dance and I want to get better. Go get dressed because you need to do this over. We only have a few more weeks until Nationals. I need to see which dancer is going to be my best shot at winning a national title. ANNOUNCER: And it's the Powerhouse Stage is act number 46. Make some noise for Brat Pack. Let's spin the wheel. Let's feed the slots. Let's bet all on what we've got. Oh, let's go wild. Let's not think twice. Baby, let's roll the dice. And if we lose, well, we won't grumble. Maybe we'll stumble or take a tumble. Let's strike while the iron is hot. Shoot the moon and hit the jackpot. Let's make a pact. Let's take a vow. To love each other right here and now. Let's get our friends to throw some rice. Baby, let's roll the dice. When the girls stepped out on stage, they looked fabulous. It was like we stepped back in time. Are we going to win? I think so. ANNOUNCER: All right, let's get into elite mini solo category. In third place, "Good Night and Go." In second place, "All That Jazz." And in first place in the elite mini solo category, entry seven, "The Flamingo." Asia won first place again in her solo. And I think it's really going to be hard for Mackenzie to get a solo at Nationals. She has to prove that she's in it to win it. ANNOUNCER: Divisional overall for highest elite junior solo. Sixth place, entry number 28 "The Luxor." She comes out 6th in the overalls. I'll take it. I'm not sure Abby is going to be pleased with it. But there's always next time. I don't know what else to say about it. ANNOUNCER: Third place, entry number 71, "Now is my Time." I'm proud of Brooke because I thought Brooke's dance was amazing. But if Brooke would have danced the way Brooke can dance, she would have definitely brought home first. ANNOUNCER: All right here we go. Our the highest elite junior small group. Third place, "Rapture." Second place "Junior Prodigy." And first place in the elite juniors small group entry number 46, "Brat Pack." The Abby Lee Dance company came to Vegas and hit the jackpot. Chloe, Abby Lee Dance Company. Hey, luck be a lady tonight. I thought they looked adorable. I did too. CHRISTI: I think you had a really good conversation with Abby, don't you? I think it was a good start. The fundamental issue is trust. And without trust, it's really hard to move forward. Well, I really and truly, Holly, don't trust her with my kids right at the moment. I don't. I'm sorry. She's going to need to re-earn that trust with Paige. Hey, remember, whatever happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas. You looked great in the group dance. All right so you, unbeatable. Has she lost her solo? No. I hate to say it, but, Mackenzie, until she steps it up on stage and starts to threaten her. All right? But Mackenzie is coming back next week. - So. - I know. But you just have to realize that she might not be dancing. I'm talking about nationals in two weeks, Melissa. I have to go with the win. This is Nationals. This is important. Kendall, sixth? Is that way you set out to do? I think I could have hit my turns better. I was watching you for that junior spot, that solo for Nationals in two weeks. Sixth will not cut it. Brooke, Paige, I hope to see you in class on Monday. Kelly, nice talking to you today. You know I feel like after my talk with Abby today, there might be a little bit of hope. I will see you. Enjoy yourself. Girls, please be safe. All right, try to see a show. - Congrats, ladies. - Thanks, Ab. ABBY: Next on "Dance Moms." We only have one more week before Nationals. Dance Spirit Magazine contacted me. We're just here to do a day in the life of Maddie. ABBY: You should be representing the Abby Lee Dance Company. Don't let me down this week. Nationals! Will you be the one chosen to perform or will you be the one sitting in the audience? Let her run her number, Abby, then pick on her. Stop. You know what it's going to be like if the Abby Lee Dance Company loses? One week till Nationals.
