ABBY LEE MILLER : Previously on "Dance Moms." Nice job, Chloe. Replace us, that's fine. Chloe made a mistake. She dropped her hat. Chloe is suspended. So is her mother. Such terrible language. Don't talk to another woman like that. Thank you. Thank you. I wouldn't I think she's immature and I think she needs to grow up a little bit. If you didn't walk in her shoes when she couldn't walk. I'm this far from pulling the duet. You are a monstrosity of evil. You're done. You're done. No duet. Shut your mouth. Shut your mouth. Get out. Get lost, bitch. ABBY LEE MILLER : Coming up on "Dance Moms." They don't self-motivate themselves. They don't get out there and work on it. When do you want them to work on it? All I wanted was a phone call from you. I wanted to ask you if Paige and I can do the duet this weekend? Let me think about it. I'm not saying no. Lock the back knee in the lunge. Oh, somebody's foot was flexed. Don't give her the power to upset you. My daughter has a name. - So do you. - Yeah. Starts with a B. I sat in a parking lot for you and you weren't here. - I was sticking up for you. - You should have called me. [MUSIC - NIKKO LOWE, "LIVING ON THE DANCE FLOOR"] Get up. Get on the floor. My world is with my girls, living on the dance floor. All right. Let's rock and roll. Hello. It's apparent that Christi and Chloe are not here. They were suspended last week. We need Christi and Chloe as part of the team. They are part of the team. Without them, the team's not complete. So Kelly, have you talked to Christi? No. She won't call me. I hope she comes back. Have you talked to Christi? You know, I talked her for a few moments yesterday. Just for a little bit, not very long. Did she mention my name at all? She did not. It's going to be really awkward this week because, you know, I tried calling Christi. I tried texting her. She didn't answer me back. So, I don't even know what to say to her. OK, you're sure you want to go back in there? I want to walk into that studio like I want a stiletto jammed in my eyeball. But we're back because Chloe wants to dance, and I don't do this for myself. I do it for my daughter. Hello. Hi. May I speak with you in private? Chloe. Wow, look who's here. What a welcome. Well, Abby, since you're not going to speak to me, I'm going to speak at you. Chloe is here because she's a member of the team. I am sorry for my behavior in the hallway and at the competition. And I have talked to the competition. I've apologized. I've spoken to the director. And you should, in no way, shape, or form, hold that against Chloe. Or at least I would think you should know that. I would think your mother would have taught you better. OK, I'm going to go in because this is my job and I am to be here. Hey. Hello. - Hi. - How's it going? - I heard you were talking to Abby. - No, I was talking at Abby. - She won't speak to me. - Oh. Sometimes it's better that way. That woman thinks that I'm going to give her the time of day. How dare her even walk into this studio. She has big like a man, because that's what she is. She is disgusting. Where have you been? What have you been up to? I don't know. We'll talk upstairs. No need for applause. Let's go. When I come back in the studio, everyone's really excited to see me, except Kelly, and you would think that Kelly should've been the one who is most excited to see me. All right. You know, they told me that Detroit was a tough city. Well, it was. You weren't the big winners. You got beat. Your champion winner will be "Top of the World" entry number 89. Third place. Cathy is a fake and a phony. She calls herself a choreographer? She's an embarrassment to my vocation. I think the loss to Cathy's all-boy team was tough on Abby. To be honest with you, I think she did not like losing to a group of all boys. And then we had a duet, but I can't really talk about it because it didn't happen. I pulled the duet. If your mother is out of control, you don't dance. And Abby, that is fine. I do want it noted on your record that I was defending my daughter because you were being insensitive about her health issues. That's what my disagreement with you was. So let's just say I'm not putting up with it anymore. We've had a member of the team suspended. You all know what suspended is. It's like the last chance before dismissal. Let's move on to the pyramid. Chloe, obviously, you were not on the pyramid. On the bottom, Nia. You should have expected to be there. Paige kind of got thrown under the bus with the duet. Next we have Kendall. Now Kendall, you were given a solo. You didn't even make the top 10. Alexandra, "Below Zero." Do I just keep giving you a solo? No. Next, Mackenzie. I told you I wasn't going to put you in the groups anymore because you are the weak link. This time I thought you were excellent. And moving next, Brooke. It was the first time you were officially on the team. I thought the parts that you did in the routine that were your solo spots were excellent. But I need you still to be more of a role model, understood? And at the top of the pyramid, Maddie. You have not had a solo for weeks. Your highest scoring solo tonight will be Maddie with "Quick Sand." It's tough getting there. It's even tougher staying there, and you know that. We will be attending In10sity Dance in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Everybody will be in the group dance. Now, the group routine is a contemporary piece. The name of the routine is "Money is the Root of All Evil." I really don't know about the group routine this week, "Money is the Root of All Evil." I don't really equate money with evil. Abby, yes. Money, no. Moms, the costumes are emerald green, like the color of money or envy. And they're going to need some work. We need headpieces. We need trim. And you'll be using actual real money on the costume. I don't know about this idea of putting real money on these costumes. We spend enough money on costumes as it is. This is going to be an expensive week. Maddie, obviously, a solo is going to you. And the other solo is going to Brooke. This is Brooke's first solo for this competition season, and Brooke needs the show Abby that she wants to be part of this team. I think she needs to go out there and show her that she still loves to dance and she wants to be here. We have a lot of work to do. Moms, go ahead and go upstairs. Spread apart. We're doing a whole warm-up. Now ladies, think about this. It's bluesy so think of being in a speakeasy or a nightclub. "Money is the Root of All Evil" is the name of our routine this week. Now, the routine is contemporary, but it has a little bit of flamboyancy to it and we're going to use real money all over the costumes. The faces have to come through, and we need to bring it all or we'll be counting the chump change on the way home. Make it bigger. 5, 6, 7, go. Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh. Don't steal Maddie's pose. Of course our kids do not go to speakeasies or bars. I don't know what a speakeasy is. OK, a speakeasy, also called a blind pig or blind tiger, is an establishment that illegally sells alcoholic beverages. Such establishments came into prominence in the United States during the period known as Prohibition. I don't go to any that are illegal. 1920 to 1933. Oh, illegal. At one point, Kelly, alcohol was prohibited. So that's why our kids have never been to a speakeasy. Besides the fact that they are under age and they wouldn't go into a bar. Yeah, but there's no such thing as a speakeasy. - 90 years ago. - Yeah, it doesn't exist. I have to say, you know, I wasn't here last week and all of a sudden like I haven't felt more like an outsider in my life here. It was a pretty quiet week relatively, I would say, up until Saturday. And Saturday it was like I was in a Twilight Zone. It was bizarre. Just shut your mouth. I didn't mean to do that. I didn't mean to do that, either. Get out. You are a monstrosity of evil. You're done. No duet. It was bad. I thought Saturday was just a horrendous day all around. So why weren't you answering any of my phone calls or my texts all week? You called me once and I missed it. And I texted you a few times. - No you didn't. - Yeah, I did. - Did I answer? - No. Then I must not have gotten it because I answer your texts. CHRISTI: So why didn't you call me? I was having a bad week and I just was waiting for you to call, and if I missed one call then I'm sorry. ABBY LEE MILLER: 5, 6, 7, go. Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, in. Too late, Mackenzie. I want you to be looking to the side, the floor, the opposite direction. Go ahead, chit chat away. So what just went on right there? I asked her why she didn't answer my phone calls. What did she say? She said she only got one and I didn't leave a message. I never leave her a message. When you see that you missed the call, you can really just call back. The "I'm-having-a-bad-week" thing isn't cutting it. CHRISTI: You know, I'm going to sit up here because I'm not playing games. I'm not. KELLY: I'm just saying how I don't understand why you were mad at me. I was mad at you about what happened and I was waiting for you to call me because of all this that was going on. I was just waiting for you to reach out to me. And I did. I'm not going to play with you about it. My feelings were hurt because you know how about this sucks. All I wanted was a phone call from you. That's all, Kelly. When you were going through ,, - I called you every day. - I did call you. - On Friday. - No, I didn't. I called you Sunday at the competition, the day you left. Yeah, you called me you said, oh, are you OK? I miss my partner in crime. That's all I wanted from you, Kelly. That's all. Let's go. I'll tell you what, when I left, there was tension between you, Melissa, and Abby and Maddie. And it's like I came back and I feel like I'm back and everything is back to normal. Like Maddie's featured in the dance. She's happy. Abby's pleased with her. You seem like you're back on good terms with Abby. - Like what happened there? - I don't know. I mean, I, you know, argue and then things get better. I just think it's because she knows this is her team and, you know, we all need each other and she needs us. Do you think it's maybe because Sophia decided she didn't want to be part of our team and she realized that Maddie is what she got? Oh, yeah. I mean, Sophia's not here anymore and she knows that this is her team. It might be back to normal for Melissa and Maddie, but it's certainly not back to normal for Kelly and I. We're barely talking. I mean, we're not really even making eye contact. ABBY LEE MILLER: Oh, your knee's bent, Paige, because you should be on the outside of Nia. Let's move Kendall back in and pull her up a little taller. You, girl in the front, move over to the right. You shouldn't be center. Move. Abby won't refer to Chloe by her name. She keeps calling her "that girl" or "her" or "she." I mean, like how belittling can you get to not even say someone's name? I want to teach Chloe you can't take anything for granted, because even if you're gone, the show must go on. So Chloe, if you want me to remember your name, then you need to prove it to me. Make me remember. All right, we're going to break right now. You have one more day to work on this dance and that's it, one more day. Thank you. Kel, come on. Come with me to go get the supplies. - Will you come help me? - KELLY: Yeah. I'm really concerned about what's going on with Kelly and Christi. It's crazy. So I'm going to ask her to come down to the costume shop. This is my opportunity to find out what's going on between Kelly and Christi and maybe I can help out. So what's going on with you and Christi? Nothing. She still isn't talking to me. Melissa, I didn't do anything wrong, and I tried calling her. I told her that today. I tried. I'm not doing it again. And I don't want to get in the middle of it, you know. Don't. I don't expect you to guy to get in the middle, but I tried calling her. She sent me to voicemail. She did not return my phone call. - I'm done. - It is what it is. She just has to get over it. And you didn't do anything wrong. I mean, we all have done, said things to each other to hurt each other's feelings. KELLY: Exactly. Let's get on with life. Okay, come on. Let's go. What did she say? And she's being really mean to her. During rehearsal, Miss Abby really isn't acknowledging me and saying my name, and that really hurts my feelings because I'm still a person. Oh, Chloe. Abby's refusing to say Chloe's name because she feels that if she doesn't say Chloe's name, she takes away her importance. Don't give her that satisfaction, Chloe. Don't give her the power to upset you. Are you OK? Yeah. You sure? You're my daughter. Come on, you got a little bit of me in you. Buck up. Hurry up. Can't forget what to do there. You can screw yourself up. My solo this week is called "Careless," and it's a lyrical number. Abby gave this to me because she knows I could care less about dance, so that is why I'm doing this solo. Don't d velopp . Just hold it and pull your head through. Now come down. Watch your alignment coming down. You're not straightening that right knee. Pull your feet. Pull your feet. Your feet, your feet, your feet. Abby doesn't teach her her dance early. She doesn't give her a lot of time during rehearsal. She gives her a song called "Careless" that makes Brooke feel like I guess I should care less. It just feels like she's setting her up. I just want you to work hard and care about whatever it is you want to do. Don't just be the average kid that falls through the cracks. Don't do anything half bleep. - Okay. - All right, you're finished. Thank you. Go ahead and rest. Old ladies need lots of rest. Am I trying to jab her a little bit? Absolutely. Brooke, do you care or could you care less? We'll see. I'm pretty sad that we didn't get to do the duet last weekend because we did all that work, so I definitely want to do the duet. I'm going to go in and ask Abby if we can do the duet, because there's only three numbers and there's usually four. Nia wants to go ask Miss Abby if we can do our duet this week, and I'm very terrified for her because Abby can be a little scary at times. Who's that big girl, doing it all on her own? Last week, Abby pulled Nia's duet right before it was about to go on and Nia was devastated. You are a monstrosity of evil. You want to talk about ugliness? You're done. You're done. No duet. - Whatever. I'm a monstrosity of evil? Abby giveth. Abby taketh away. Nia is determined this week to get that duet back, and she's going to be herself and asked for it. I wanted to ask you if Paige and I can do the duet this weekend. Uh-- Nia is asking me herself. Her mother isn't speaking for her. She's acting mature and taking matters into her own hands. Nia, that's exactly what I want to see. You've got my attention. Let me think about it. I'm not saying no. You understand that? - Okay. - Let's go. It's not a yes. It's not a no. This is so stressful. It's not even me and I feel stressed. Thanks for meeting me. Yeah, and I tried to text you as much as I can. No, I know. And you know what, Melissa? We don't get along or see eye to eye on everything. You were the first one to call me. MELISSA: I was worried about you. Tonight I'm having drinks with Christi, which is very odd, but I have to do what I have to do. Kelly's angry with me and I don't know why. She's stubborn. Yeah. I was like her biggest cheerleader, and I'm having a bad time. Why have I not gotten any texts? It's like you broke up. Melissa, I have been a part of this team forever. And like this week, I feel like an outsider. I feel bad for the whole situation. You know, Melissa, we aren't always the best of friends. No. But thank you for meeting me. - Thank you. - Of course. - You know, I worry about you. - I appreciate it. I think deep down, Melissa's being a better friend to me at this point than Kelly is. So you know the name of the routine is "You Don't Know Me." Do the judges know who you are? So maybe they've heard of you, maybe they know your reputation. They think they know who you are. Oh, Maddie, we know her. Oh, yeah, Maddie, I've heard of her. No, we're trying to tell them who the real Maddie is. Maddie's solo this week is called "You Don't Know Me." It's a little bit edgier for Maddie. Nice. Like you think you know "who Maddie is." Push. She's very angelic. She does these lyrical routines that are so pretty. Maddie is going to prove to everybody that they don't know who she is. She's more than you think. Hey, come on, Paige, Nia. Now remember, girls, this is the duet. You asked me to do it. I pulled it. You've had two weeks to do this number, so it should look twice as good as Maddie's solo, twice as good as Brooke's solo. They've been doing their dances for a day. You've had an entire week. Let's go. Yesterday, Nia and Paige came to me and asked if they could do last week's cancelled duet in this week's competition. I want to see the performance before I make my final decision. Does the routine look good? I don't know, but I'm giving them the opportunity. So come on, girls, impress me. Every time you do that kick, get your leg higher. You're not thinking. That's what I'm saying, you guys want to do this-- oh, we want to do the duet. It's fun. We want to do it. You cannot go out there and look any less of a dancer than Maddie. Oh, you want both of us? She said both of us. - She wants both of us down there. - Oh, crap. I think there should be closure to last week's experience at the competition and the girls should do the duet. I think that would be a nice way to resolve the situation. Kind of do some Abby psychology, thinking about how you're going to approach this situation. The girls have asked me about during the duet this weekend. So we're doing the duet? Yes. You have to do it. You're going to go out there and you're going to do it. But I explained to Nia that I pulled the duet because I could not have that behavior go on. Like you said a pyramid, other things have happened in the past. We can't go backwards, and I'm not going to, but I am going to go forward. And going forward, that behavior will not be tolerated. The girls came. They asked me. Paige was part of it, too. They wanted to do it. So you know what you're getting yourselves into. You have to do it. I don't care what the results are for this competition, of this duet. At this point, Nia has already won. The duet is going on stage. She's going to get to perform it. And I see maturity in Nia. They asked me to do it, sink or swim. Hey, we're going to Florida. There's sharks. What's going on with you and Kel? Have you had a chance to sit down and work it out? No, but I keep going back to when Kelly wasn't here, who was the biggest advocate for her to come back? I know. I had a bad week. I needed someone to call me and she didn't call me. I know, it's like a double whammy that Kelly's mad at you. Because let's face, that would be her sitting here consoling you. My feelings are hurt because when it was Kelly in my situation, I was her biggest cheerleader. So where do you go from here? I mean, do you continue to not speak? I don't know. Last week was an extremely hard week for me and Chloe. And Melissa called me. Holly called me. Jill called me. Kelly never called me. I don't know. I am a mess. I wasn't myself. I left. I came back. I felt more like myself. But like I'm the snarky bitch of the group. I'm not the crier. I'm not the emotional one, and I feel so out of sorts. I really feel like an outsider this week. I think because the team went to a competition, they had all these experiences, they had some crazy fight with Cathy-- you know, life went on without Christi and Chloe, and I don't think anybody really even missed us. Girls, listen up. If you want fame, start paying right here, right now-- blood, sweat, sore muscles, callouses. We went to a competition and not one of my students made the top 10? That's never going to happen to the Abby Lee Dance Company again. This is going to be like bootie camp. You're going to walk in here and you're going to work, and you're gonna work, and you're gonna work even harder the next day. The group is not where I want it to be. I know it's been a long day, but this number is nowhere near competition-ready. Lock the back knee in the lunge. Oh, somebody's foot is flexed. Whoa. What is she doing there? Get up. Yo, blondie, you were gone for a week, not a year. If Abby doesn't come around and at least give Chloe the common respect of calling her by her given name, you know, I can't say that I'm going to sit back and just let it happen. Moms, let's go. Bring those costumes down. Girls, we are leaving on a plane tomorrow morning. This is the third time we're changing it because you couldn't do it the first two times. Blondie, we could all be home by now. You know what? My daughter has a name. ABBY LEE MILLER: Not anymore in my book. CHRISTI: Oh, yes she does. She has a name, Abby. So do you. Starts with a B. Come on, girls, let's go. MELISSA: In10sity is a good competition for us this week because there's a lot of intense feelings between Abby and Christi, between Kelly and Christi. So intense is the word this week. Girls, remember, you are in Fort Lauderdale. I mean, these kids down here dance. Dance is part of the culture, so you need to really focus. This is all about the technique. You got it? Whether I called one time or 10 times, she should have called me back. MELISSA: She never answers my calls, too. I don't know what the problem is. No. I don't think I did anything wrong. I don't, either. - Christi, you're awfully quiet. - Where's that fire? Where's that spunk? All gone. You're not a wallflower. Maybe I turned over a new leaf. Now, listen to me. When you get out there, it's your face that wins. Everybody here has beautiful technique. Nobody else has Maddie's face. Girls, duet. Paige, you don't need to be goofy. It's fun. It's hot. You should look beautiful. You've got two weeks to work on this routine. They haven't really worked on it for two weeks, Abby. - They lied. - I know, that's my point. They don't self-motivate themselves. - They don't get out there and work on it. - When do you want them to work on it? We had privates but we weren't able to go to those, but Maddie went to hers. You're so jealous of that kid, oh my god. I'm not jealous of Maddie. You're jealous that I'm talking to her, that I'm telling you the same thing that I tell her every week. Because, Abby, we're going on a couple after her. You made sure her makeup was perfect, her costume was perfect. You haven't looked at these two at all. Well, you handle her makeup. She's your job. KELLY: Well, maybe Melissa should learn how to do makeup. This is Melissa's job, too. Melissa has never walked into my studio and said, my children are my job. Never. I don't need a job. I know. Your kids still needs to point her feet. That's your job, to teach them. No. Money can't buy talent. Kelly, you want Paige's duet pulled again, two weeks in a row? You want Brooke's solo to just disappear? How about you ask Holly and Christi what running their mouths got them? [I suggest you shut up and sit down. This is Brooke's first solo act. We'll see if it's her last solo on the team. Girls, go out there and dance today and don't make me sorry that I let you do it. Understand? There is an elephant in the room, and for once, it's not Abby. Kelly and I have this huge feud going on, and eventually we're going to have to talk it out. We can't keep going on like this. I will talk to you as soon as she's done dancing. I want to get her out there and then I'll talk to you, okay? Mm-hmm. ABBY LEE MILLER: I think the judges already have a preconceived notion. Sweet, pretty, little Maddie, she's going to tell the judges and every single person in that audience, don't judge a book by the cover. This is Maddie with "You Don't Know Me." [MUSIC - VERENICE BUERLING, "YOU DON'T KNOW ME"] Yeah. You don't know me. Stop the inquiries. I keep my business to myself. Stop the lecturing. Oh, I'm so done. You don't know me. You don't know me, no. Stop the inquiries. Come on. I keep myself. Don't lecture me. No, no. Oh. You don't know me. Maddie came back strong-- I think, technically, superb. When she stepped on that stage, it was all about Maddie. ANNOUNCER: All right. Moving back into the team solo division-- KELLY: I think Brooke's very nervous. She just keeps going off on her own. Brooke wants to prove to Abby that she can go out there and she can do this dance and she can do it well. ANNOUNCER: This is entry number 38-- Brooke with "Careless." [MUSIC - TRACY JOHNSON, "CARELESS"] 15 minutes till the sunrise. I haven't seen the back of my eyes yet. As I'm watching Brooke on stage, she's nailing the routine. There's fluidity throughout. The old tricks are there it's like the old Brooke is back. I couldn't care less. Careless. BROOKE: I think my solo went pretty well. I didn't fall out of any tricks and I didn't forget the choreography. And I think I showed Abby that I cared. Our duet is about to go up and we're really nervous. I want to show Miss Abby that she didn't make a mistake by letting us perform it this week. We've got to dance. ANNOUNCER: All right, the next in the junior duet/trio division, is entry number 18-- Nia and Paige with "The Wild Child and the Wallflower." 1, 2. Time's up. Music got me fired up. Five minutes in the place and I got them all lined up. Lights turned off, on. I can barely see a thing. Dizzy from the feeling, but I know in this moment, I'm exactly where I'm supposed to be. I love it this way. Strobe lights. I'm shining on the dance floor. Ooh, I know you're liking it with the beat. Take two with me. Don't stop dancing. Keep me going out. Work it out till the lights go out. Don't stop moving. Keep me going out. Work it out till the lights go out. Could their legs have been straighter? Sure. Could their feet have been pointed? Absolutely. Could they just be better overall dancers? Of course. But that's not what this piece was about. It was telling a story. It's musical theater, and that's exactly what they went out there and did. They entertained the audience. Whoo-hoo. I thought Maddie was absolutely amazing. I thought the duet was good. What did you guys think? - Yeah. I thought it was great. I thought that was her best dance alone. Good job, Nia. Good job, Paige. Good job, Brooke. That was so good. Good job, sweetheart. Good job. I am shocked. I think Abby respected Nia as a dancer. They showed Abby that they want to dance and that they can dance. Nia, you know why I pulled the duet last week, right? Okay. I'm in the dressing room. All this chaos is happening. And then your mom snaps. So before it went too far, I wanted to nip it in the bud, and the way for me to do that was to say, I'm pulling the duet. Understood? You know, everything happens for a reason. Just so you realize that. - Now give me a hug, all right? - Thank you. Okay. Well, I want you to understand. All right. Thank you. So I think this is Miss Abby's version of an apology. Oh, no. I'm not apologizing. I'm glad I pulled it. - Oh, Abby, come on. - I am so glad I pulled it. All right. Get ready. Come on. Let's worry about this next dance, mom. Here, go put this on. Somebody should be apologizing for sloppy legs. Oh my gosh. Good. You need to tell them. You're in the wings. I'm going to be sitting in the audience watching. The group routine is about to go on stage. These girls know that money is the root of all evil. They know what it takes to win. They also know what it feels like to lose. Give me a dollar stuck right behind this green glitter. Do you have any money in your purse, Kelly? Girls, I'm talking about how much money you have. Let's pull it up. Can't stick credit cards on her. That dress has already been done. I'm not so sure this is a good use of money, but Abby wants lots of dollar bills to put on the children's costumes. Yeah. Let me see. Where's your money? Come on, give me that purse. Don't hit me in the back with it, just show it to me. There you go. I'm not Cathy. I work hard for my money. I don't want to use it as play money. I don't think that you needed to put real money on the costumes. I just think that sends a wrong message. Ha, ha, ha. Oh, Jill's good at that. ABBY LEE MILLER: Let's go. Come on, girls. The group number is about to go on, and I'm feeling a little bit nervous because I haven't danced on stage for two weeks. I just hope that I'm not rusty and I don't want to let my team down. ANNOUNCER: How's everybody doing? Everything just feels off. Kelly and I aren't exactly enjoying each other's company. And I'm not going to lie, it's really awkward. ANNOUNCER: All right, coming to the stage next in the junior's small group division, this is entry number 23, entitled "Money is the Root of All Evil." Let's go, girls. [MUSIC - THE HALLEY DEVESTERN BAND, "MONEY AIN'T TIME"] You think you can fool the devil with all your fancy things. You know it's forever, the time that you'll be dead. And it's a long way to heaven, my baby, with only your breath. They say time is money. Yeah, but money ain't time. No. Time. Yeah. Money ain't time. ABBY LEE MILLER: I thought the group routine was very innovative. I thought it was something different than we had seen all day in the competition, and that's going to help us score high. Look at Ken. Oh, my god. How's everybody doing? We are ready to begin with our divisional overalls. We're going to start off in top-scoring elite junior duo/trios. Starting off in fifth place, with a score of 262.1 points, is act number 15, "Viva Las Suede." In fourth place, with a score of 263.3 points, is act number 18, "The Wild Child and the Wallflower." I think they were lucky to make the top five. They certainly wouldn't have won last week when I pulled them. Moving into our team solos. In sixth place, with a score of 280.7 points, is Miss Samantha with act number 31. Fifth place, with a score of 283.4 points, is Miss Brooke with act number 38, "Careless." ABBY LEE MILLER: That was the best I've seen Brooke dance in a long time. Unfortunately, it wasn't good enough for the first place overall high score. But she did show me that she cared, just a little bit. ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen, your second runner up for our elite junior solos is Miss Megan with act number 11, "Somebody." Your runner up for our elite junior solos, with a score of 284.6 points, is Mr. Lucas with act number 13, "Prison of Decision." Ladies and gentlemen, your highest scoring elite junior soloist, with a score of 291.5 points, is Maddie with act number 12, "You Don't Know Me." Congratulations to our highest scoring junior soloist. Nice job, girls. She did it again. Overall high scorer of the junior division. Way to go, Maddie. ANNOUNCER: Moving now into our elite junior small groups. This was a very difficult job these judges had. Third place is act number 21, "Electric Barbarellas." Your runner up for the elite junior small group division competition is act number 20, "Respect." And last, but not least, ladies and gentlemen, your highest scoring elite junior small group, act number 23. your highest scoring elite junior small group. Again, the name of your studio. 1, 2, 3. Abby Lee Dance Company. - Congratulations. - Let's do a bow on 3. 1, 2, 3. Thank you all very much. The girls were the first overall high scorer for the junior group divisions. I couldn't ask for anything more. All right, ladies, yay. Brooke, you made the top five. Congratulations. I'm very proud of you. Paige and Nia, top five. You were fourth. That was excellent. - And Maddie, congratulations. - Thank you. - You were amazing, Maddie. - Whoo. I have one last quote-- ladies, sometimes greed is good. For once in my life, Christi and Kelly are not picking a fight with me. They're fighting with each other. /I'm going to walk right out of here and enjoy my weekend. I told Christi I would talk to her as soon as I was done with all my confusion. But you know what? - I want to talk to her in private. - Go ahead. So Christi, if you want to talk, let's go outside. If you don't want to talk, we don't have to. You're rolling your eyes. I am a grown up, and if I want to roll my eyes, I'm entitled to. Okay. Why can't we hear? KELLY: I called you. You didn't call me back. You called me on Friday. KELLY: Christi, I called you. What else do you want me to do? CHRISTI: No, you didn't. KELLY: Yes, I did. CHRISTI: And if I didn't answer, you should have called again. You were having a problem here. I sat in a parking lot for you to get you and your kids back here. - I know you did. - I had the worst week. And when you weren't here, I was sticking up for you-- But you should have called me. But you don't know it because you didn't answer my phone call. - CHRISTI: You didn't call me. - I called you. KELLY: No, I shouldn't have had to call you, Christi. - CHRISTI: Are you kidding me? - I did nothing wrong. I was having a really bad week and a real friend would've picked up a phone and called me. But I'm wrong because I said that you talk to Melissa more than you talk to me. - You hurt my feelings. - I don't-- And you hurt mine. I called you. - What else do you want me to do? - Get in your car and drive to my house. No, I'm not driving to your house. CHRISTI: Why? - I called you. If you can't answer my phone calls, then you. - you. Like seriously, Christi. - CHRISTI: Thank you. - KELLY: You're welcome. Yeah, thanks. ABBY LEE MILLER: Next on "Dance Moms." So where is Abby, I wonder? Unfortunately, Baby has passed away. Oh. ABBY LEE MILLER: What if something was wrong and I could have done something about it? I wasn't here when she needed me. I was with somebody else's kids. - Hi. If I knew you'd be here. - You had to expect that I would be here. This is my hometown. ANNOUNCER: And wants everybody to know that routine was dedicated to Broadway Baby. Thank you so much for the dedication. She didn't want the tribute from the whole group, but when it's from Maddie, she cries. You would kill us in our sleep if it meant your kids would get ahead.
