ABBY LEE MILLER: Coming up.
Welcome to a "Dance Moms" special, So Far This Season.
We're only halfway through this season.
MELISSA ZIEGLER-GISONI: Screw you.
I did not sleep with my boss.
You're full of , Kelly.
Oh, well, maybe you should get .
Cathy gets Abyy's sloppy seconds.
- I love that!
- Studio hopper, did you just say that?
ABBY LEE MILLER: I'm going to be recapping all the drama-- crazy mom moments, incredible dancing, and dances that should have never been seen.
I just walk, walk, walk, and I pose.
So, so, so chic-- Coming up on So Far This Season.
THEME SONG: Get up, get on the floor.
My world is with my girls living on the dance floor.
Welcome to "Dance Moms," So Far This Season.
We're in the beginning of a brand-new dance season.
Over the next hour, I'm going to be recapping.
You're going to see all the drama, crazy mom moments, incredible dancing, and dances that should have never been seen on So Far This Season.
This season, I thought I'd finally put an end to Christi complaining about Maddie all the time.
She's been jealous of that kid since the beginning of time.
You know what, Christi?
If you want Chloe to have more time with me, how about getting her to class on time?
Woo!
[MUSIC - WIZARDZ OF OZ FT.
GLENNA BREE.
"YOU CAN BE ANYTHING"] It takes a moment to break a butterfly unaware that's when you hear an angel cry.
It takes a heartbeat to bring someone back to life and then you feel that it's all been worthwhile.
Voices inside me keep guiding my way.
Someone who loved me I still hear them say you can be anything, anything, anything you dreamed of, anything you dreamed of.
And I can't stand to wait, but I can't bear to go.
The door is open and it won't be there for long I know.
The truth of who I am and who I want to be and what is possible is standing right in front me.
Yeah.
'Cause you can be anything, anything, anything you dreamed of.
You can be anything, anything, anything you dreamed of, anything, anything, anything you dreamed of, anything you dreamed of.
Anything, anything.
Oh, you can be anything.
You can be anything, anything, anything you dreamed of, anything you dreamed of.
Chloe's ready.
She knows what an opportunity it is, and she knows what it means to prove to Abby that she is someone to be reckoned with.
ANNOUNCER: Coming up now is entry number 19, and here's Chloe with "You Can.
It takes a moment to break a butterfly.
Unaware, that's when you hear an angel cry.
It takes a heartbeat to bring someone back to life and then you feel that it's all been worthwhile.
Voices inside me keep guiding the way.
And someone who loved me I still hear them say you can be anything, anything, anything you dreamed of, anything you dreamed of.
And I can't stand to wait but i can't bear to go.
The door is open and it won't be there for long I know.
The truth of who I am and who I want to be and what is possible is standing right in front of me.
You can be anything, anything, anything you dreamed of.
You can be anything, anything, anything you dreamed of.
You can be anything, anything, anything you dreamed of, anything you dreamed of, anything, anything, anything you dreamed of.
You can be anything, anything, anything you dreamed of, anything you dreamed of.
Chloe danced beautifully.
And if I were Melissa and Maddie, I'd be worried.
Maddie, she knew that she needed to be stronger, better and win this.
Chloe came out of the gate and was perfect.
She looks stunning.
But it was all downhill from then on.
Every studio owner and director gets their score sheets, along with their music back, after the competition is over.
I wanted to see what the judges said about Maddie, what she needed to improve on, and the same thing with Chloe.
We look at all of the scoresheets.
But we found a mistake.
I found a mathematical error.
I need to talk to your tabulator.
We have a little discrepancy here.
But I don't want to do this in front of everyone.
Good dance.
Thanks.
This is worth 25 points, and they gave it 27.5.
Well, you, like, it was between-- - It's wrong.
- Okay.
Two, two makes 22.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Maddie won the whole thing.
Nice try, guys.
Would-- can we rectify this?
Okay, here's the situation.
Uh-huh.
This is worth 25 points.
Right.
Maddie got 24, which is higher than Chloe.
Do you see what I mean?
- This is your winner.
- So Maddie won.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Maddie won everything.
I think you should tell her.
- I'll tell her.
- Because they're both my students.
And I always get blamed for, oh, you favor this kid and this kid's special, da-da-da-da-da.
But I know the difference.
And even though they were both on and they were both amazing, I saw the jumps.
I saw the plie.
I saw the contractions.
I saw the face.
I knew there was something weird.
Hey, congratulations.
Hey!
- DIRECTOR: We had a goof.
- What?
DIRECTOR: One of our judges, they gave Chloe a 99.10.
She actually had a 96.6 because they gave her a 27.5 in a category that only had 25 points.
That means that the overall winner would have been Maddie.
Congratulations, Maddie.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Thank you so much.
We appreciate that.
- DIRECTOR: Yes, I'm sorry.
- Hey, you know, things happen.
All right.
Thank you very much.
DIRECTOR: Thank you.
Everybody, congratulations on the group.
Maddie and Chloe, congratulations on being great sports.
Mistakes happen.
CHLOE LUKASIAK: : The director of the competition told us that there was a mistake in the scores and that I didn't really win and Maddie won.
And I was a little upset, but I was really happy for Maddie.
Mackenzie, what are you doing there with the hairdo?
What did I tell you?
Never leave home without your bows.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Are you kidding me that it just so happened that Chloe and Maddie's scores were the only ones out of the entire competition with 80-some routines that were incorrect?
Are you kidding?
So, Abby, how did you discover the discrepancy between the 30 point and the 25 point?
ABBY LEE MILLER: No, I didn't.
They came to me.
I guess the judges said, there's a problem.
We have a problem.
- DIRECTOR: I'm sorry.
- Yes.
You okay?
I stole your score sheets.
I kept them with me.
And I wanted to say once again, you know, this doesn't happen that often at all, but I wanted to say thank you for bringing it to our attention.
- Oh.
- That's all.
Do you realize how proud I am of both of my girls that they were that close that it could have gone either way?
That's what a dance teacher does.
And that's why Maddie and Chloe are healthy competitors.
The victories should go back and forth.
One week it's Maddie, the next week it's Chloe.
One week it's Maddie, the next week it's Chloe.
That's why together, as a duet, they are invincible.
ANNOUNCER: Taking the stage now is entry number 47, junior duo-trio division.
Here comes Maddie and Chloe with "We're All Right.
Oh.
Oh, oh.
Stop your dreaming.
There's a breath you can take while you're waking.
There's a kind word to stop your knees quaking for food.
Don't feel so misunderstood.
Close your eyes and hold me tight.
'Cause we're all right just barely shaking.
You tell me you're fine, I see you breaking.
Get throught the night.
I promise you now.
We'll find the way to make it somehow.
We'll find a way to make it somehow.
Here is my coat to wear when it pours.
That's just a passing storn to ignore.
When you think you can't take it hold on one moment more.
'Cause we're all right just barely shaking.
You tell me you're fine, I see you breaking.
Get through the night I promise you now.
We'll find the way to make it somehow.
We'll find a way to make it somehow.
Oh, oh.
Somehow.
Chloe and Maddie danced like mirrors.
They're back.
The girls are back.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Maddie and Chloe may think they're the best dancers in the Abby Lee Dance Company, but you can't rest on your laurels.
Here's my next generation of dancers.
Okay.
So do it well.
There's nothing to worry about.
ANNOUNCER: Coming to the stage now would be entry number 17-- entry number 17 is in the mini-solo division.
Here is Mackenzie, with "Old West.
[MUSIC - TUMBLEDOWN HOUSE, "OLD POTOSI"] South of the old Potosi, east of the Toston Dam-- west of Robber's Ruse, there's a lay of land.
You best belkeive there's no governor-- no sheriff runs this town.
Well, Old Roy might lock you up, but he'll turn you out if you buy the next round.
The sweet sounds that you cannot place.
What's mine is yours.
Well, down comes Skinny Sarah Sideshow and all the boys she soon will know.
A Molotov cocktail aided by a warm gale gave the place a rosy glow.
Yes, those woods went up in a mighty blaze.
I think Mackenzie did great today.
She had a lot of energy and great technique.
It's going to be a tough act to follow.
Mackenzie's going to have to watch out, because Asia's going to be on fire.
It's going to be too hot to handle.
Those judges are going to love it.
ANNOUNCER: Coming to the stage now-- we've got entry number 18.
In the division, here is Asia with Oh!
Here it comes.
Here we go.
Ugh!
Every time I'm dancing in my club, everybody want to come get with me.
They ask me, do you got a boyfriend?
Ha!
No, no, no.
I'm free.
Hey, let me take you out sometime.
Hey, let me get your number.
But realize nobody can come to me.
And you know, too hot-- too hot to handle.
Baby, I'm too hot to handle.
T-t-t- too hot to handle.
That's what you got to learn.
Baby boy, you can't hold a candle to the t-t-t- too hot to handle.
Baby, I'm too hot to handle.
Careful, now, you might get burned.
Too hot.
T-t-t- too hot to handle.
That's what you got to learn.
Baby boy, you can't hold a candle to my t-t-t- too hot to handle.
Baby, I'm too hot to handle.
Careful, now, you might get burned.
Too hot-- too hot to handle.
Too hot-- too-- too hot!
Asia came out there smoking.
She just grabs that audience.
This performance is probably one of her best ones.
Maddie's mom, Melissa, is a great dance mom.
She's there on time.
She pays her bill.
But what she's not too great at is friendships.
Those other moms are always trying to lure her over to the dark side.
Melissa only needs one friend, and that's me.
So basically, your choice as a mother is dance trumps all-- just to be clear.
That's funny.
Why is that funny?
Because you know Christi sneaks all the time.
You've said it.
No, I'm saying I wouldn't do it.
MELISSA ZIEGLER-GISONI: Oh, okay.
- What do I sneak about?
What you mean?
You talk to everybody.
Give me a break.
If you could sleep with Abby, you would, and you know it.
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Well, that's how you tend to get ahead in life, Melissa.
Oh, yeah, I sleep with everybody!
You do, boss.
I've never slept with my boss.
Yes, you did-- you married him.
Yes, I married-- right after.
Yeah, after you slept with him and had an affair - when he had a wife.
- MELISSA ZIEGLER-GISONI: I did not.
- And you had a husband!
- Guess what?
I didn't sleep with him!
And don't start with me again, Christi.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: You did!
- You know what?
I know-- storm out.
We love it.
Oh, I am storming out, because this is not being brought up-- - CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Sue me!
- MELISSA ZIEGLER-GISONI: --through you.
- I know!
- I did not sleep with my boss!
- - You know what?
- You want to play those games?
- What's wrong?
JILL VERTES: She has to live with the decision she made.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Like, I'm not going to sit up here and make this easy on her.
She didn't make it easy on any of those six little girls.
She knew she had that coming.
Shall we belly up to the bar?
Let's do it.
I love when the moms finally break free of dance jail.
You know, we get to hang out.
We get to have drinks-- you know, vent a little bit.
- I'll have a diet cola.
- Oh!
Get that-- she lives on the edge.
I'll have the $100 martini.
Is anyone really missing from the picture?
No, we're all here.
I could not believe earlier that Melissa said that we hoped her and her kids died in a car crash.
Yeah, I hate that.
I hate, hate, hate that-- - HOLLY FRAZIER: That was disturbing.
- That's crazy!
If she really believes that, then we're in trouble.
- I know!
Who thinks that way?
- I don't know.
That was crazy.
And you know what?
If that's the way she feels, then, you know, I don't be your friend.
We all discussed this as a group and decided as a team we were not sending our kids to this.
I just think that this proves that we can't trust Melissa.
Melissa sat there and told all of us-- she promised.
Like, what does that make you think?
Because that makes me think that she doesn't really value our friendship?
She's definitely made it out that dance is more important than school.
If the only thing that's important to you in life is getting your kids ahead of other people in dance, don't sit upstairs and pretend you don't care if your kids win or lose.
Own who you are.
Stop lying to our faces.
Maddie had an hour with Abby.
Mackenzie had two hours with Abby.
And Chloe got none?
If you can't see that's wrong, then you are really blind.
Then you have a problem.
The fundamental issue is your word-- you know, friendship.
What is it worth?
And what it's taught me is that I can't trust everybody when they give their word.
In this season, there was quite a moment with Kelly.
Now, it's hard enough for me to keep the kids focused, but the moms-- they're even tougher.
I said, you were clearly upset with Abby-- you didn't want to take it out on her, so you took on .
I was not upset with Abby.
Kelly, you were upset about something.
But why were you screaming at me?
If anyone, Christi should understand why I wouldn't want to start a fight with Abby.
Why Christi doesn't have my back is beyond me.
You didn't stand up for yourself with Abby.
That's not the Kelly I know.
KELLY HYLAND: Hmm, maybe it's the new Kelly - that you don't know.
- I know.
You know, you said yourself that you don't even think of me as a friend anymore-- that I'm a horrible friend.
I never said that.
You're full of ,, Kelly, and you know it!
Oh, oh.
Well, maybe you should get !!
What did she just say?
Who just said that?
I think what's happening here, Kelly-- instead of your aggression towards Abby, which is-- You're taking it out on all of us!
I don't even want to hear it, Kristi, 'cause remember?
- I'm a bad friend.
- You know what, you are!
When I sat here the entire week you were gone and stuck up for you.
- Whatever.
Kiss my ass.
- You know what?
You didn't call me, because you were pissed off about something else.
Getting there.
That shows me that you're really not a good friend.
- KELLY HYLAND: Believe me, Christi.
- I know!
I know!
- I won't be your friend-- ever.
- Because I kiss everyone's ass-- - You do!
- CHRISTI LUKASIAK: --to get my kid ahead.
- You do!
- No, I don't!
- KELLY HYLAND: You do.
- you, Kelly!
- KELLY HYLAND: Ask Abby!
- you!
Kelly's not the only one that can lose it.
Jill-- she had her moment, too, and I warned her to steer clear of that dance mom.
- Hello!
- Hi!
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Ew!
We have unwelcome guests.
WOMAN: So what is going on here?
I see you got some new team members.
- MAN: Well, welcome, ladies.
- Well, aren't you just a nosy one?
Yes, I am!
Abby Lee Miller's got her spies out.
I'm loving it.
I feel like they're starting to squirm.
I know from experience this is a waste of your time.
- Oh my God!
I didn't even recognize her!
They let her back in!
She got Kicked out of the last competition.
No, we walked away from it.
We walked away from the competition.
No, no, they escorted you out.
We saw it.
They told us the police are here just in case you have a little issue.
We walk into the dressing room, and there's Black Patsy, and she has this new look.
And she looks exactly like Holly-- has Holly's hairdo, is dressed like Holly.
And I'm thinking to myself, are you trying to be Holly?
Because you'll never be like Holly, Black Patsy.
No matter how hard you try, you'll just never be like Dr.
Holly.
Hey, who was the one who started hurling insults at the children?
You.
I hurled insults at Abby, and she didn't - want to hear want to hear that.
- JILL VERTES: That's what you do.
Why are you loud?
Have you not learned anything yet?
Let's go.
'Cause there are no police in here to protect you.
- No, I'm not talking to you, Kathy.
- CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: It doesn't matter.
- Yes, it does!
The sign on the door says Candy Apples-- Didn't say do not enter.
--says Candy Apple, so why are you here?
- It didn't say ALDC.
- JILL VERTES: Why are you here?
- Because I was invited here.
- JILL VERTES: Abby's sloppy seconds.
Cathy gets Abby's sloppy seconds.
Studio-hopper, did you just say that?
JILL VERTES: Come on, let's get out of here.
Have fun!
Good luck with your new team.
They are a mess.
Put your mouth on vacation.
- Shut up.
- Who says shut up?
How old are you?
You said my daughter sucked, remember?
That little girl cannot dance.
Your daughter cannot dance.
Well, you know what's funny?
We said the same thing about your little girl.
You told my daughter she sucked.
Get off of me.
JILL VERTES: She pushed my face.
You touched me first.
- Please walk away.
- Let go!
I'm trying to get out of here.
She's crying because I poked her in her nose, but you don't walk up on a sister like that and think I'm just going to stand back and say, hey, no get out of my face.
She's lucky I didn't punch her ass.
Really?
What would you do?
Jill.
That's wrong.
She's being aggressive now.
JILL VERTES: Were you there when I got the water thrown on me?
A whole bottle.
By her.
She's just a witch.
I am so glad that I wasn't there to see that.
I was all the way out in Hollywood, California looking for a new location to house the Abby Lee Dance Company.
I mean, come on, what is Jill thinking?
She is a member of this team.
Jill, you need to act like a lady.
I have one dancer on my team that is never happy.
I refer to her as brooding Brooke.
I set Brooke up on date number two.
Now, this guy wants to be a professional dancer.
He is fantastic.
And I think, maybe if Brooke has a crush on some guy that's at the dance studio all the time, that really works hard, that maybe she'll want to work hard too.
I know when I watch Kevin dance, it puts a smile on my face.
I hope he's going to do the same with Brooke on their date.
BROOKE HYLAND: Thank you.
Hi.
SHOP ASSISTANT: Can I help you with something?
Yeah, what do you want?
Kevin I don't really know each other, so it's kind of awkward.
- Do you guys have tiramisu?
- I do.
I have slices right here.
Can we have like four of those?
Can also have a cannoli?
Or like two cannolis?
You're going to sit down and eat all that, right?
- Okay.
- I'm a growing man.
I'm feeling a lot of pressure on me to connect with Kevin.
If we don't win, it's probably going to be my fault.
So is it like, is it good for you to finally have the difference between like dancing with them all the time and now dancing with us?
Dancing with you guys is like a lot more like challenging, I'd say.
Because dancing with them, it's like-- - Almost like cheesy stuff.
- BROOKE HYLAND: Yeah.
Like jazzy songs, through like-- Although I love the girls a lot, dancing with the seniors is more mature.
It was good to change things up a little bit.
So how do you feel that Abby set us up on this date?
She actually set me up on a date a while ago too.
Miss Abby always says no boys, no boys, but this is the second date she set me up on.
And who is this other person?
So I can go find him?
Brandon.
But our parents were both there.
Like his parents and my parents.
Are you surprised your mom let us come alone?
- No, not really.
- We're sharing cannoli.
That's as romantic as you can get.
Here, I'll help you.
Oh, I am so sorry.
BROOKE HYLAND: The date's going pretty well.
And then I turned around and sudden, I had cake in my face.
I'll definitely do a duet with Kevin, but a date, that's another story.
Well, Brooke's finally right about one thing.
No boys, no boys, no boys.
You don't have time for boys if you're dancing, and that's a fact.
Now, should Brooke get to know her dance partner, somebody that she's doing lifts with, somebody that she has to trust?
Absolutely.
It's important for the two of them to connect on some level, whatever that is, so that when they step on stage, that relationship is believable.
And that's what I was trying to do.
Did they have a good time?
Yes.
Are they friends now?
Yes.
Do they trust each other?
Yes.
ANNOUNCER: Taking the stage now, with the entry number 79 is in the teens small division.
not me.
ABBY LEE MILLER: First group number we have up today is my senior company.
They've never traveled to one of our group competitions before.
I'm really interested to see how Brooke does performing with kids that are older than her rather than younger than her.
Because let's face it, she misses one of those lifts, it's all over for Brooke.
Well, I know that I'm always right.
Setting these two up on a date was exactly what needed to happen.
Brooke and Kevin stepped on stage and performed beautifully.
I've known Cathy for years, and she's always been nipping at my heels.
While I was away in California, building my dream, she was building a new team.
Kids I've never seen before.
And lo and behold, a dance routine that will go down in history as classic Candy Apple crap.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: "So Chic" was so much fun, and very entertaining.
So chic?
So chic?
I don't think so.
The lyrics to the song were saying "I can't dance".
At least Cathy got something right.
Cathy has a most unique little dancer on her team.
He's unique, because he doesn't really dance, he doesn't take class, he doesn't train, he doesn't put his feet, he doesn't turn out and he probably doesn't know one word of terminology.
Can he spin on his head?
Yes.
But he has that small man thing going on, and so does daddy.
Oh, man.
The little man with the Napoleon complex is crying in the audience?
Oh boo hoo hoo.
Man up, little guy, man up.
That routine I would have loved to judge.
He lip lip-sync the entire competition, so maybe you want to take him to a karaoke bar instead of a dance competition.
And then the technique?
Where was it?
No turnout.
No stretched feet.
No lines.
Come on.
He wants to do a triple pirouette?
You have to learn how to do a single pirouette first.
MICKEY CONSCULLUELA: Cathy is running the show here, obviously, but as a parent I think there comes a time when we see our kids are in need, or are not being looked at properly.
And I think that's when a parent steps in.
Nobody's home.
- Everybody decent?
= KELLY HYLAND: Yes, we're decent.
Hi, how are you?
RICK TESTERMAN: I've worn Cathy before about Mickey.
Now the proof is in the pudding.
My question is, I need to look at what I'm going to do with my kid.
If you feel that Gino could work with you, and you can utilize Gino, it'd be a benefit for us all.
MELISSA ZIEGLER-GISONI: His goal is to get Gino on Abby's team and off Cathy's.
I don't blame him for that.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Oh, .
They're lovers, not fighters.
MICKEY CONSCULLUELA: Congratulations on your winnings today.
The numbers were very nice.
JILL VERTES: So what was that all about?
Did he want Gino to come here?
He's talking about moving, I guess.
HOLLY FRAZIER: Cathy is gonna lose her mind.
She is gonna lose her mind, if she hears that Gino's dad basically begged for a spot on Abby's the competition team?
Lose it.
Mickey, he proved to be a lover not a fighter.
He was giving me a hug and a kiss, and schmoozing me.
And this and that.
Hey, Mickey.
Don't BS a BSer.
That's rule number one.
Do you think Gino really has what it takes to be Maddie's partner?
I don't know.
But let Gino prove his dancing.
He shouldn't have his daddy doing the work for him.
I was in California, and everything was beautiful.
I had to come back to all this.
The moms, the fighting, I favor this kid, I favor that kid.
If you're jealous of somebody else's time that they spend with me, then sign your kid up for more lessons.
Respect me.
Talk about me to your child with love and admiration.
That's how you're going to get your kid ahead.
I mean, come on, Christi, you think that Melissa is a liar?
You're the liar.
You lie right to my face and you're teaching your child to do the same thing, and that scares me.
Everybody feels bad for poor Chloe, poor Chloe, because Abby's the big ogre.
Nobody feels as bad for Chloe as I do.
Everybody thinks like I'm team Maddie, and not team Chloe.
Guess what?
I'm team Abby Lee Dance Company.
It didn't matter who won, as long as it was one of my team members.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Melissa, I think it's fair to say you felt that Maddie was a shoo in-- No, I did not for tap.
I even told you guys here, I told Maddie, just let you know, you're probably not going to win because tap doesn't-- HOLLY FRAZIER: She looked disappointed.
Oh, Maddie looking really upset.
Of course she did, but so did Chloe.
She stared at you the whole time.
- No, she didn't.
-Yes, she did.
Chloe was happy she got fourth, but don't go there Melissa.
Don't go there with me either, because-- Of course, Maddie, everybody, Maddie-- Just like when Maddie didn't win Nationals, she cried-- Whatever, whatever.
HOLLY FRAZIER: I feel kind of bad that the girls probably won't get to enjoy their win.
KELLY HYLAND: So all your kissing ass and doing whatever has paid off, because you got Abby 100% on your side.
And aren't you glad that you went to LA to make sure that she will protect you.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: But you don't see when you do things against the group that it hurts our kids.
My kids come first to me, and they always will come first to me.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: I can't say that I'm fed up with Melissa's lying and fakeness, because I've always been fed up with Melissa's lying and fakeness, but I think all the other moms in the room are finally fed up with it too.
- Good job!
- CHLOE: I got fourth for hip -hop.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: I know, high-five!
And Melissa thought you were upset.
MELISSA ZIEGLER-GISONI: You said that Maddie was so upset, okay?
So kiss my ass.
Why are you saying this in front of your kids?
Because guess what?
You do it all the time.
You talk about my kid all the time.
You say, oh, Maddie's upset.
Every time Maddie doesn't win, oh my God, Maddie's upset, Maddie's upset.
Don't play games.
She was crying, thank you.
Oh, whatever, screw you.
I'm done, I'm so over it.
You know what?
You're always against me.
Tell that trashy girl to stop.
We're leaving.
When I walk into the dressing room, and Melissa's mad, she's leaving.
The other kids aren't even in there, they're all milling around.
What is going on with the Abby Lee Dance Company?
Come on, girls.
Well, you just saw So Far This Season.
But there's so much more to come.
Look at this, .
It's a taste of what's to come this season ABBY LEE MILLER : The Abby Lee Dance Company has one president.
And it's me.
ABBY LEE MILLER: We are not going to lose to that evil woman.
I'm the only evil woman in your life.
- She likes food.
- CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Yeah, I know.
Did you know, Vivi, that grandma was-- A Granny Apple.
She was?
MELISSA ZIEGLER-GISONI: Asia doesn't get a solo, you're leaving?
- Peace.
This is about dance, are you insane?
JILL VERTES: You're saying Abby doesn't do her job.
I said she treats my kid like .
ABBY LEE MILLER: Your kid is damn lucky, so shut your mouth.
Never in 40 years-- KELLY HYLAND: -- has anyone been given a solo the day of the damn recital.
Ever.
- You're out.
- Good.
Call the police, get her out of here.
KELLY HYLAND: See you ladies.
Have fun.
