Welcome to the "Dance Moms Christmas Special.
'Twas the night before Christmas.
It's perfectly clear, the Abby Lee Dance Company has nothing to fear.
Do you have a naughty or nice list?
Oh, yes.
Let's open it!
Nia?
Oh, my God.
Thank you.
JEFF COLLINS: We have our amazing dancers here from the Abby Lee Dance Company, and Santa's been spotted.
DANCE MOM: Oh, my God.
JILL VERTES: She's the ugly stepsister.
Sooner or later, she's going to end up with egg on her face.
Don't you think?
- How dare you!
[THEME - NIKKO LOWE, "LIVING ON THE DANCE FLOOR"] Get up.
Get on the floor.
My world is with my girls.
Living on the dance floor.
So switch the blue-- DANCER: Oh, Christmas tree.
Ladies!
What are you doing?
Decorating.
Straighten that star out!
Take that blue ball!
Move it 2 inches to the left!
- Right here.
- Girls, stop.
Don't touch the tree.
Just go get ready to dance, please?
Bye, girls.
Hi, and welcome to the "Dance Moms Christmas Special.
I'm executive producer Jeff Collins.
We have our amazing dancers here from the Abby Lee Dance Company, and they're going to be performing throughout the night.
We'll also have a special guest performance by the incredibly talented-- Coco Jones is here.
And Santa's been spotted on a radar 45 minutes away.
But before he gets here, the "Dance Moms" are going to pay a visit, and we'll also get to meet a few of the dance dads.
But first, let's kick off our special with our own dance diva, Miss Abby Lee Miller.
Merry Christmas, Abby.
Marry Christmas to you, Jeff.
- Good to see you.
I'm thrilled to be here.
We're going to bring out the "Dance Moms" here in just a moment.
But first, Abby, I want to ask you, what does Christmas mean to you?
Christmas means two weeks off from the dance studio.
JEFF COLLINS: OK-- No moms, no kids, no complaining.
JEFF COLLINS: It wouldn't be Christmas with somebody not complaining.
I should say, it wouldn't be a "Dance Moms" Christmas without someone complaining.
Right.
But Christmas really is my time to kind of destress.
Now one of the things that we did to make you feel special is we put photographs all around the set of your family.
So take us back.
What was it like in your house when you were a little girl?
Christmas morning for me was my mom, my dad, and opening all my gifts, being so excited, wanting to play, and then my mother, being the devout Catholic that she is, saying, nope, we have to go to mass.
I'm embarrassed as an adult to say this, but I think I screamed and cried and kicked and had a little bit of a tantrum, because all the other kids in the neighborhood were playing with their toys.
So Abby Lee Miller had a tantrum.
So basically nothing's changed?
No.
So before we get to our moms, I want to ask about your mom.
How's she doing?
She is still kicking.
JEFF COLLINS: Yeah?
- Yes.
Well, listen, our prayers are with you both.
- Thank you.
- We hope you have a very-- - Thank you - --Merry Christmas.
I suspect you're going to be in Pittsburgh?
- We are in Pittsburgh.
- Right.
She's at home now.
And we hopefully will have a fabulous holiday.
Well, good.
So did your mom have a naughty or nice list?
No, no.
Do you?
Oh, yes.
JEFF COLLINS: I thought so.
I have a big naughty list and maybe-- A little, tiny nice list?
Let's take the moms.
No-- How are the lists dividing up between who's on the naughty and nice list?
- --the moms are so rude.
They are conniving, they are cutthroat, and they're teaching that to their children.
Not even one of them on the nice list?
Mm, not really, no.
JEFF COLLINS: Wow.
They think that I'm the meanie.
Well, you know what?
I bought them all gifts this Christmas.
JEFF COLLINS: Wow.
I was very thoughtful.
I was courteous.
And I was giving and kind.
Well, you know, they say Christmas is a time for forgiveness.
So it sounds like you're in the forgiving-- not so fast?
- No, Jeff.
I think you're pushing it.
- Not so fast?
I don't think there's forgiveness at all.
I remember everything.
Well, I think this is really going to be an interesting gift-giving session.
I can't wait to see what you thought up.
Just give me one little hint about each mom and why she's on the naughty list.
Well, you know, you have Christi, whose mouth is out of control.
You have Melissa, who's naughty all the time, inappropriately, in front of the kids.
Then you have, you know, Kelly showing up drunk at the dance studio.
You can't do that.
And then you have Holly, who does not want to believe that Nia's feet can't be fixed by reading a textbook.
And then you have Jill, who still has crying Kendall.
You look at the kid sideways, and the kid cries.
So all the mothers, they're just bad mothers.
JEFF COLLINS: That certainly gives us a hint.
I can't wait to see these gifts that you've brought.
So let's get the moms out here.
Ladies, come on out.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Oh, my God.
Aw, thank you.
That's why I didn't want to wear red.
- Hello.
Hello.
Hello, ladies.
ABBY LEE MILLER: I like the red.
JEFF COLLINS: Hello, hello, hello.
JILL VERTES: Oh, comfy.
All right.
The first thing I want to know is does everybody celebrate Christmas, because we don't know.
So yes, yes, yes?
- Yes.
- Absolutely.
- Okay, fantastic.
So let's get to Abby's gifts.
She brought gifts for all of you that she picked out especially.
Wow.
I am giving.
I am kind.
When I give someone a gift-- - Wow.
- --I like them to use it.
The joy is in the giving.
Well, that's-- JEFF COLLINS: So these are-- --why I always gave you a tray of cookies-- ABBY LEE MILLER: Because you-- - --because you love cookies.
I know.
All right.
Well, Abby, I'm excited, and I want to see what you got.
So why don't you take it away?
Santa's little helper!
Fa, la, la, la, la.
HOLLY FRASIER: Oh, he comes with a soundtrack.
Oh.
Thank you.
All right, come here.
We want kisses.
Mwah.
Thank you.
Bye!
WOMEN: Bye!
Bye, little elf.
All right.
So let's get this party started.
Oh, let's go first with Kelly.
- Kelly first.
- Oh, gosh.
You should save-- ABBY LEE MILLER: Kelly-- --save the best for last.
Kelly, this is for your home, not the dance studio, all right?
Whoa!
Oh, I like-- oh, this is me!
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: HOLLY FRASIER: Oh, no!
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: .
JEFF COLLINS: You put those in the beer cans.
Woo-hoo!
For-- oh, my God.
Abby-- JEFF COLLINS: Bottles of tequila keep.
You have known me since I was two.
I don't drink tequila.
Well, I thought you were moving onto the hard stuff.
It's rhinestone.
Look at the front.
I saw.
It says-- JEFF COLLINS: Kelly.
- --Kelly on it.
Aw, you put a rhinestone on it.
Oh, so it has her name on it.
Oh, that's great.
- All right, good sports.
- Cute.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Well, you know what?
- Thank you.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: This will-- - All right, Abby, who's next?
Jill.
Yay!
Your lips are going to be so big, you're not going to be able to open your mouth.
Oh, just what I always wanted!
Oh, my God.
Shut up!
ABBY LEE MILLER: Oh, I got you syringes.
Are these clean?
ABBY LEE MILLER: We can do it at home.
Thank you very much.
I only got tequila, and I don't even like tequila.
All that stuff?
- Enjoy.
JILL VERTES: Thank you.
- And share.
JILL VERTES: I will share.
So Abby, let's go to Holly's present next.
I know that Dr.
Holly wants to start off this season on the right foot.
JEFF COLLINS: Okay.
What is it?
JEFF COLLINS: Holly has that face.
Oh-- HOLLY FRASIER: Shoes.
They're orthopedic.
- They're very expensive orthopedic shoes.
- And you know what?
I will wear these when you're tap dancing on my last nerve.
ABBY LEE MILLER: There you go.
HOLLY FRASIER: You do it all the time.
Thank you.
What's wrong with Holly's feet, for the people that don't know?
What is that you don't like about Holly's-- - They're big.
She has-- - I'm 6 feet tall.
ABBY LEE MILLER: She has bunions.
JEFF COLLINS: She's very tall.
Okay, because I'm 6 feet, I guess?
And, you know, she has a really cute husband.
I don't know what he thought when he looked at those feet.
- 'Cause I have all of this.
- I thought Evan was just wrong.
'Cause she's got it all going on.
HOLLY FRASIER: All of this.
KELLY HYLAND: All of that, girl.
- All of this.
He's very happy.
- Oh, my God.
- So, Christi-- - All right, let's see.
Your husband keeps telling us, they come home with bags, bags full of money.
And I'm like, well, I don't want them going through the airport with a brown paper bag.
- Oh-- - Something bedazzled-- CHRISTI LUKASIAK: --Christi's cash.
JEFF COLLINS: Christi's cash box.
Abby, I should give this to you, because you have more cash than all of us.
I think Abby makes more money than anyone.
KELLY HYLAND: Yeah.
JEFF COLLINS: She does?
Oh, with all of her appearances and her masterclasses and her meet and greets-- you know, Maddie's birthday party, I do believe Abby charged money for people to come in and meet Maddie-- - Not Abby!
- --for her birthday party.
Maddie's friends weren't invited to the party, I guess, because we didn't buy tickets.
- Oh!
It went all to the food bank, all that money that Maddie made on her birthday party.
- Melissa?
- Okay.
JILL VERTES: Aw.
MELISSA GISONI: Oh, I love it, Abby.
Oh, boy.
JEFF COLLINS: Oh, my.
Woo.
Oh!
- Is this to get husband number 4?
- No.
I don't wear a medium.
I wear a small, but that's okay.
And this is a gift certificate for a $1 million matchmaker?
I really have a million dollar man.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Wait, I don't understand.
MELISSA GISONI: I don't understand that.
What's the matchmaker gift for, Abby?
She always teases me.
- Well, you know, if she's going to take-- MELISSA GISONI: Look, I told her-- --her kids and move to LA and do this and do that, she's going to need another man.
She's giving to need a wealthier one.
Oh, no.
Greg's going to retire in 3 years, so he'll follow.
Come on.
What's your record here?
So there you have it, Abby's version of holiday cheer.
Coming up, Maddie's going to perform a Christmas solo, and then Cathy comes to the party.
I can see you're all happy about that.
But first, here's the Abby Lee Dance Company performing "Christmas Morning.
[MUSIC - JARED GUTSTADT AND JEFFREY PETERS, "THE HOLIDAYS ARE HERE"] Oh, the holidays are here, the return of Christmas cheer.
The lights are shining bright all over town.
You can feel it in the air, the joy that's everywhere, when decorations sparkle all around.
Tell everyone-- Everyone.
--the holidays are here.
Holidays are here.
Tell everyone-- Everyone.
--the holidays are here.
Holidays are here.
The holidays are finally here again.
Holidays are finally here again.
The holidays are finally here again.
Holidays are finally here again.
Santa's singing, the holidays are here.
For Christmas, I want my braces off.
But I just got them on, so that probably won't happen for a while.
All I want for Christmas is my braces off.
Here's Maddie performing a solo called "A Dancer is Born.
A life begins inside your heart-- a glow that shines brighter than any star.
When life is born and springs from love, a blessing is given from heaven above-- a flower that blooms with a sun, a child that someday will run, or climbing up a tree, chasing after dreams, running after what we believe.
A gift that grows inside of your heart.
All right.
That was Abby's star pupil, Maddie, performing a spectacular solo.
So Abby, you know, you and the moms, you may have your disputes now and again.
But you guys have spent so much time together, and you've been with each other, some of these moms, for so long.
You guys really are like a family, aren't you?
Yes, like a dysfunctional family.
That's it.
Everyone always says, do the moms get along?
And I said yes.
I said, I think that what people don't realize is that we really are like sisters.
We really are.
You don't always like your sister, but you always love them at the end of the day, you know?
- And-- - But do you stab your sister in the back?
So when we're talking about sisters, Abby, which sister was Christi in the family?
If you want to get beat with a wire hanger-- - Oh, okay.
- --she would be the mom.
JEFF COLLINS: Oh, OK.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: No, I'm pretty sure that's you, not me.
So she's "Mommy Dearest"?
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Yeah, okay.
JEFF COLLINS: She's the "Mommy Dearest"?
All right, that's me.
I think there's a sister that we haven't seen in a while, and that's Cathy.
She's the ugly stepsister, Cathy.
No "Dance Mom" family would be complete without Cathy.
Come on.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Yes.
KELLY HYLAND: It could be!
- Yes.
It would all be very complete without her.
Cathy's gotten a lot of criticism from all of you over the years.
So Christi, who do you think is the bigger Scrooge?
- Oh-- - Cathy or Abby?
I don't know.
I think Abby and Cathy are both kind of on par, because I think that both of their hearts could grow a few sizes.
- A few sizes?
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Yeah.
Melissa, what do you think?
Oh, I think Cathy, absolutely.
Well, look, I think we should bring her out and hear from her ourselves.
- Wow.
Let's bring out Cathy to join the party.
Please welcome Abby's toughest rival, Cathy.
All right.
Hello.
She's carry a present.
- Merry Christmas.
- How are you?
Merry Christmas.
Cathy came bearing a gift.
- I did.
JEFF COLLINS: Is this for Abby?
It is.
- This is a gift for you, Abby.
- Hi.
I'll keep it for later.
Should we-- I think we should open it right away.
It's not ticking, is it?
It is ticking, actually.
I've never seen it in my life.
HOLLY FRASIER: A pressure cooker?
You haven't been near a kitchen, but I know what that is.
- Oh, it's for poached eggs?
KELLY HYLAND: Oh, it's a poaching set.
All right.
Well, some brunch when we do Eggs Benedict-- Cathy, why would you buy Abby a poa-- an egg poacher?
Well, you know, all last season, I was criticized while I was putting together a fabulous team and giving kids all over the countryside opportunities.
What opportunity?
So now I hear that there's all these auditions that are happening, poaching students.
So I figured that that would be perfect for her.
And sooner or later, she's going to end up with egg on her face.
Don't you think?
AUDIENCE: Oh!
Now, Cathy, you were backstage when Abby was giving out all her gifts to the moms, and you must-- - Yes.
- --have been listening.
So what did you think about all the gifts that Abby had to give out to all her moms?
Oh, my gosh.
I was mortified-- how mean.
Why do you moms take those type of gifts?
They were horrible.
If you were at Candy Apples representing us, you would have had Chanel tennis shoes-- good for track, good for running and getting away from wicked people.
Kelly, I thought of the perfect gift for you that I would have gotten you.
It would have been a lovely embroidered hankie because, obviously, I was provoked by Abby.
You're always crying.
- I know.
Yeah, and your soggy eyeballs are really nerve-racking.
AUDIENCE: Oh!
You know what I would get you?
I would get you a one-way ticket to LA so that you wouldn't come back, because I'm really tired of seeing Maddie front and center.
Because all of the other girls are pushed to the back.
- Yeah.
JEFF COLLINS: Mm.
- Oh, Cathy, I can't wait.
- Christi-- CHRISTI LUKASIAK: You're like a little-- - Do you know what I would get you?
--Christmas spirit.
What?
I would get you a get out of jail free card.
Oh, I actually would take that.
And, Jill-- CHRISTI LUKASIAK: 'Cause you never know.
--I probably wouldn't buy Jill a gift.
I don't like-- I don't like Jill.
She knows it.
- She knows it.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: That's very Christmas-- Cathy, you don't have this kind of contentious relationship with the moms at your studio?
- Oh, my, no, no.
JEFF COLLINS: No?
What moms at her studio?
They're from everybody else's studio.
It just blows my mind.
I mean, let's face it.
You guys have a winning team.
Yet here she sits, and she threatens all of you that she's going to replace you.
Well, you might have to deal with it.
Yet she-- I'm not done talking, and you're rude.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Yes, you are.
- No, I'm not.
Yet she-- - Cathy, you might have to do-- - Yet she wants-- - --that on your team-- - --to replace you guys.
- I don't have to do that.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Well-- - I am trying to train dancers.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Abby-- Go outside, walk up the street, hit a Broadway show, and see if your name's in the playbill.
Kelly-- ABBY LEE MILLER: Maybe I have a new studio opening.
--she's trying to replace Brooke.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Maybe I'm doing another show.
- Why would she be doing that?
ABBY LEE MILLER: There's lots of things!
Why would she be trying to replace Brooke?
She talks about Christmas spirit.
You want to know who the biggest Scrooge is?
She's sitting in the throne, and it's not because she's a queen.
There's other thrones.
It is true, Abby.
I mean, you're trying to replace a team that wins for you.
And the girls on your team, with the exception of Kendall, have been there since they were babies.
So stand behind your work.
Did you ever think that I want your child, in particular, to be challenged, all of the kids to be challenged?
You say all the time you want the girls to win.
They deliver wins.
What more do you want?
I want them to be the best they can be, Christi.
That's not going out and getting a new kid.
That's helping these kids be the best they can be.
Well, I have a question.
Your team wins.
What is it that you want?
I want them to be the best they can be.
Okay, but obviously they are.
ABBY LEE MILLER: I don't want-- Or are you saying that your-- ABBY LEE MILLER: --the costume and the headpiece to make them win.
Or are you saying that your teams are given the wins?
- How dare you!
- Oh, I know.
How dare me.
- How dare you-- CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Oh, why?
- Because-- - --insinuate-- CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Why?
Because I'm putting something-- - --that I cheat or the competition-- CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: --on the line?
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: How-- - Oh, honey.
- Oh, you just the crossed the line!
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: How-- Well, that won't be the first time, honey.
And I don't have my purse out here either.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Yeah.
- Well, one thing's for sure.
It wouldn't be a "Dance Moms" Christmas without a little confrontation.
Well, Cathy, I know you have a big surprise for us coming up later.
- I do.
JEFF COLLINS: Tell me what you brought.
- I do.
Well, you know, we have lots of seniors at our studio.
And so I brought some seniors to entertain.
Yes?
And they're going to do a little Christmas piece.
And they've had a lot of fun doing it.
They're so excited to be here.
And, you know, I have such a great senior team.
I understand that you have a smaller senior team now that it's kind of dwindled.
Want to tell me about that?
Well, a lot of the kids graduate.
We had six graduates last year.
- Oh, yeah.
Well, graduates always happen, but you have to replenish.
Well, I think my senior team is in "Newsies" and-- Oh, you have one person on Broadway.
--"Bigfish" and "Wicked.
No, I have three.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Yeah.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Never heard of them?
- All right.
Well, it sounds like the rivalry is continuing.
We're going to find out if Cathy's senior team lives up to Abby's standards in just a moment.
And then for the first time ever, you're going to hear from some of our dance dads.
Don't forget, Santa's on his way to the studio with presents for all our kids.
My worst Christmas memory is trying to put an ornament on the Christmas tree.
And I was, of course, standing on the back of a chair.
And it flipped over, and I cracked my head open and spent Christmas Eve in the hospital.
You like our Christmas breakfast.
Yes, only when I make it.
No, honey.
I make it.
But you're not really a good cook.
Really?
Honey, this is supposed to be nice for Christmas.
Please-- Here they are, the much talked about Candy Apple senior troupe performing "Holla for the Holidays.
[MUSIC - WIZARDZ OF OZ, "HOLLA FOR THE HOLIDAYS"] Snow on the ground.
Yeah, it's cold outside, so let's turn it up.
Let's turn it up.
I won't stay inside 'cause tonight the club is burning up.
Is burning up.
I hear the sound of jingle bells.
Call my friends on my jingle cell, 'cause tonight we're going to dance till our feet give up.
Everybody out there, raise your hands in the air and holla.
For the holidays, for the holidays.
All the lovers and friends, we're together again, so holla.
For the holidays, for the holidays.
Let's end this year with peaceful cheer and with togetherness.
Waited all year long, want to get your party on and holla.
For the holidays.
Holla for the holidays.
Holla for the, holla for the holidays.
Stoke up the fire.
Play those old records louder.
Yeah, turn them up.
The party is here.
Pull me closer, my dear, 'cause I'm burning up.
'Cause I'm burning up.
I hear the sound of jingle bells.
Call my friends on my jingle cell, 'cause tonight we're going to dance till our feet give up.
Everybody out there, raise your hands in the air and holla.
For the holidays, for the holidays.
All the lovers and friends, we're together again.
For the holidays, for the holidays.
Wow.
They definitely did a great job.
Congratulations, Cathy.
Thank you.
Very nice, very nice.
Well, now that we're all in the Christmas mood-- Yeah.
--Abby has a little something special that she's prepared for us.
I understand that you have written your own version of "'Twas the Night Before Christmas.
And I, for one, can't wait to hear it.
I've been known to change the words to quite a few songs.
- Here and there.
- Yes.
'Twas the night before Christmas.
It's perfectly clear, the Abby Lee Dance Company has nothing to fear.
This poser, pretender, and hick that we've seen can try all she wants, but I'll always be queen.
AUDIENCE: Oh.
Their moms are obnoxious, greedy, and drunk, but my dancers are champions from ballet to crunk.
They outclass all others and reign through the land.
The name Abby Lee means something quite grand.
Cathy, since we met, you've been jealous of me, my girls, my show, and my choreography.
It's hard to believe that we were once friends.
You lie, and you cheat.
And, honey, your time has come to an end.
AUDIENCE: Oh, my God!
It's a miracle you've gotten as far as you've gotten 'cause deep down inside, you're an apple that's rotten.
Did that warm your heart?
That warmed the cockles of my heart.
As far as the lying and cheating, you need to be a little bit more specific.
But-- - Lying about children's ages.
But I think that the only thing that was truly said that was real was that it's funny that we were friends at one time.
Hey, I have something.
It's a little poem that I'd like to read-- You brought your own version, Cathy?
--for you.
Yes, of course.
I'm so surprised.
I'm like a Boy Scout.
I'm always prepared.
Oh, look.
It's like Mrs.
Claus.
That's right.
It is like Mrs.
Claus.
Aw.
Oh, Abby, you're delusional, lost, and at sea.
Your girls are amazing, but you'll never be anything more than a washed-up old lady manufacturing stories and saying you hate me.
Yes, you're the diva of unparalleled bling.
Sparkle on track suits is totally your thing.
But who cares about rhinestones?
It's talent that counts.
And when push comes to shove, you haven't an ounce.
That's good, Cathy, I think.
Oh, I so won that.
Come on.
All right, ladies.
Well, that was definitely very creative, but I have a little surprise for you.
Christi has prepared her version on behalf of the "Dance Moms.
Christi, are you ready?
Merry Christmas, ladies.
It's so good to be here.
Don't worry about me.
You have nothing to fear.
Seeing that it's Christmas, I want to share my big wish of things Santa should give you, so I made up a list.
To Abby, I wish you success and nothing but peace.
May your wins finally go up.
May your embroidered Abby Lee Dance Company shirt size decrease.
May Santa bring you a man to take one for the team, so your ass settles down and you stop being so mean.
To Cathy, I hope Candy Apples turn things around.
I don't think it's quite possible you could go further down.
So may Santa bring you a competitive advantage and hope you correct all the things you mismanage.
To both of you, I wish a very happy holiday.
And may Santa Claus bless you in every possible way.
See, it is Christmas.
It is Christmas.
Now, Holly, wasn't that nice?
Warm and fuzzy.
I like the music.
I love the presents.
I love hanging out with my family.
And, you know, I love the decorations, too.
It's just happy and a day whenever there's no screams or yells, you know.
Well, if tonight is any indication of Christmas, we know that it can either bring people closer together or sometimes push them further apart.
But I want to know, in terms of the dance dads, what should their role be when they have a daughter who's in Abby Lee?
Whether or not they like the dancing, it's what their children like.
It's what their kids have decided to do with their lives.
No Christmas is complete about the entire family.
So right now, I want to bring out the dance dads, because I want to hear from them.
So dads-- How are you?
I'm Jeff.
- Hi, Jeff.
Erno.
- Hi, Erno.
How are you?
- Nice to meet you.
- Have a seat.
- Hi.
- Hey, how are you?
- Good too meet you.
- Nice to meet you.
Yeah, for sure.
Nice to see you.
EVAN FRASIER: Evan.
- Hey.
Let's do some quick introductions.
With us, we have Evan, who is Holly's husband, dad to Nia, and we have Erno, who's Jill's husband and Kendall's father.
Welcome, gentlemen.
So Erno, it's great that you were able to take some time and be with your family here in Manhattan for the holidays.
I'm so glad that you guys invited us.
How is it being a dance dad?
It's tough.
I don't have my wife and my youngest daughter around very much.
When you watch Kendall, is there anything that you don't like-- - Yes.
JEFF COLLINS: --about the way-- what?
Yeah, it's really hard to watch the show when your daughter is crying.
AUDIENCE: Aw.
So Evan, how about you?
How do you feel?
It has been a really amazing experience for Nia.
I have seen the way she has grown over the years.
There's some tough moments in there.
But, you know, to see her thriving, it's really amazing.
But how do you feel about Abby?
Do you have any constructive criticism?
She's a little tough love at times.
There's no question about it.
And so there are some times I want to reach through the TV, but, overall, it's been a tremendous experience for Nia.
And for me, that's the most important thing.
Abby, isn't it nice to have some of the dads here join us for the holidays?
Yes.
But I find it odd that there's seven kids on the team, and I have two dads here.
AUDIENCE: Oh!
I just feel that the dads should take, you know, an interest in it, even if they don't care.
Pretend.
Like Christi's husband-- I think the last time I saw Chloe's dad was when he came in for a meeting in my studio with Christi to find out why Maddie got more privates.
And then he really didn't want to be there.
He could have cared less.
You're rude to him.
So-- I'm not rude to him at all.
He hasn't built a prop.
He hasn't done anything-- - You've never asked, Abby.
- --at the studio.
He's never b-- I shouldn't have to ask.
He should offer.
Oh, he should just know by osmosis that you need, like-- ABBY LEE MILLER: No.
- --a sled built?
He should come and say, hey, my kid won this or my kid won that.
Is there anything you need done, Abby?
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Well-- - Can I help out in any way?
--you know what?
My husband's involved in other ways.
ABBY LEE MILLER: He has seen other dads.
That's-- ABBY LEE MILLER: He's seen dads that say prop dads on their backs.
He's been to competitions.
- You've never had a-- ABBY LEE MILLER: Oh!
--dad with a t-shirt that said prop dad.
- You're making that up.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Yes, we did.
Yes, we did.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Okay, maybe before Chloe danced - at your studio-- ABBY LEE MILLER: Correct.
--but certainly not during my tenure there.
He hasn't seen them at all the other competitions?
Because you don't have fathers that wear shirts that say prop dad.
Has anyone ever seen that?
Thank you.
No.
Usually they wear suits and come and say, hello-- CHRISTI LUKASIAK: And my husband-- - --how are you?
--wears a suit and tie every day of his life to work.
Thank you.
So tell me what prop what he built again.
He doesn't need to build a prop.
He's supportive of his children at home.
Well, maybe it would be nice for Chloe to come out on stage and have her daddy there.
- Her daddy is there at times-- - I've never-- CHRISTI LUKASIAK: --when her daddy can be there.
--ever seen him.
Because he makes sure everything at home is perfectly okay so Chloe can do the things that she wants to do, because her mother is with her.
AUDIENCE: Oh!
All right.
Well, thank you so much, Erno and Evan, for coming today.
Happy holidays to you guys.
I hope you get some time to spend with your families over the Christmas holidays.
All right, it's time for our very special guest performance.
Actor and recording artist Coco Jones is here to sing "Good To Be Home.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
With reverence, I enter into this holy place, a home that's like no other, full of mercy, love, and grace.
I know it's been a long time.
I've never felt that far, 'cause you were always on my mind, and you were always in my heart.
It's so good to be home, where I know that I belong, inside this house of love with a family so strong.
And I'm here to worship and pour out my offering.
In the presence of his love, I'm never alone.
It's so good to be-- Home, home.
--home, yeah.
Home, sweet home.
So good to be home.
Home, home.
Yeah.
Home, sweet home.
I know I'm always welcome into these open arms.
When all of us are gathered, it shines a light into the dark.
This home is where my heart is, and it's always been that way, because you're forever by my side, and now I know I'm here to stay.
So good to be home.
Where I know that I belong, inside this house of love with a family so strong.
And I'm here to worship and pour out my offering.
In the presence of his love, I'm never alone.
It's so good to be-- Home, home.
--home.
Home, sweet home.
So good to be home.
Home, home.
Yeah.
Home, sweet home.
The amazing Coco Jones just performed.
And now it's that moment, the one we've all been waiting for.
As far as I'm concerned, it's not Christmas until these kids get a whole bunch of presents, right?
Well, let's get them out here.
Girls, come on out.
Come on.
Are you guys ready to get some loot?
ALL: Yes.
You are?
I just got word that Santa had a last minute emergency, and he couldn't make it.
AUDIENCE: Oh!
ALL: Aw.
But he sent a helper.
Santa's helper looks familiar-- very nice, very nice.
It's been an amazing year for all of us, with plenty of ups and downs.
And now it's time to celebrate the holidays with Christmas gifts for all the kids.
Christmas, for me, is about giving.
I receive joy in giving to others.
So I am excited.
Let's go.
Let's go.
All right.
So girls, go hang out over there.
And we're going to call you one at a time.
Don't peak!
Who's up first?
What's in this box?
- Nia is up first.
- Nia.
So here, come stand right here.
Now everyone knows that Nia is too sweet.
And this summer, when we were in California, Nia baked me a cake.
She made this beautiful cake.
It was fabulous.
We loved it.
- Are you ready?
- Yes.
- Let's open it!
- So should we open the present?
Nia, $2,000 worth of baking equipment!
- Oh, my God!
DANCER: Woo!
- Yes?
- Thank you so much.
You're welcome, Nia!
Next is Kendall.
Come on over.
So Kendall, come stand right here.
Kendall, you've got the look.
You were the cover of the magazine, and I know that you love to play dress up.
Let's open the gift!
Oh, my God.
$2,000 worth of the best makeup money can buy.
Thank you so much.
I love it.
ABBY LEE MILLER: All right.
JEFF COLLINS: All right.
Thank you.
Next, we have Brooke.
Come on over.
Come on, Brooke.
Are you excited?
Yes.
I want to give you something that's going to help make your dreams come true.
Ready?
JEFF COLLINS: Should we open it?
Here we go!
A home recording studio!
All right, the biggest gift on the stage is for Paige.
- What do you think?
- Pretty big.
JEFF COLLINS: It's a big box, right?
- It's taller than me.
Now, Paige, you're a beautiful girl.
I've always told you that.
And if I was young again and I looked like you, I would just have you help me open this gift.
- Come on.
JEFF COLLINS: Help us out.
Are you ready?
And go!
Thank you.
- What is that?
- You're welcome, sweetheart.
JEFF COLLINS: Tell us what it is.
This is a vanity with mirrors all around.
- Thank you.
JEFF COLLINS: Thank you.
Our next gift is for Chloe.
Come on over here, Chloe.
JEFF COLLINS: Come on, Chloe.
Chloe, you're a lovely dancer.
Thank you.
But I know that you also like to exercise your mind.
So without further ado-- Jeff-- this is my favorite collection of books, electric reader, and-- are you ready for this-- a lifetime gift certificate of books.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome, Chloe!
Next is going to be Maddie.
Come on over, Maddie.
Come on, Maddie!
- Have you been naughty or nice?
- Nice.
JEFF COLLINS: Nice?
All right, she's been nice.
Maddie, I know how you love to tap.
Yeah.
And I truly believe that you will dance for the rest of your life.
Yes.
That's why Capezio has made custom-made tap boots for you.
- Oh, my God.
Thank you.
JEFF COLLINS: Wow!
ABBY LEE MILLER: You're welcome.
Look at those.
Those are amazing.
And Capezio has awarded you with a $5,000 shopping spree.
Wow, listen to that.
That's amazing, Maddie.
Are you excited?
- Thank you.
Yes.
JEFF COLLINS: Can we get to see you tap in those shoes next year?
- Yes.
All right.
That's really an amazing gift, Abby.
- That's it!
JEFF COLLINS: Thank you.
ABBY LEE MILLER: A round of applause!
Thank you.
Hold on a second now.
You got to have some for Mackenzie.
What do you got up your sleeve?
We'll do it nice.
- Mackenzie, come on over here.
JEFF COLLINS: Come on out here!
JEFF COLLINS: Come here.
Sit on this stool.
Have a seat right here, and Abby is going to see what she can rustle up for you for Christmas.
I'll be right back.
You don't think Abby would have forgotten you for Christmas, do you?
I don't know.
Come on now.
Do you guys think Abby would have forgotten Mackenzie for Christmas?
- No.
AUDIENCE: No.
- No!
Are you ready for your Christmas present?
ABBY LEE MILLER: Here you go!
JEFF COLLINS: So hold it in your lap.
- This is it.
JEFF COLLINS: Hold it in your lap.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Open it up.
JEFF COLLINS: Open it up.
AUDIENCE: Aw.
JEFF COLLINS: What did you get?
Thank you so much.
JEFF COLLINS: What did you get, Mackenzie?
All right.
That's amazing.
Are you excited?
Come on, girls.
Look how cute she is, and she's really tiny.
- I love her.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Oh-- - She's really tiny-- - Oh, she's afraid to let go of her dog.
- Hi, baby.
- Hi.
- Can I hold her?
- Yes.
- Come over here.
Come over here.
- Oh, my God.
- Hold on, let someone hold it.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Come look.
All right.
It looks like there's a new member of the Abby Lee Dance Company family.
- I'm so excited.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Oh, good.
JEFF COLLINS: You're so excited?
AUDIENCE: Aw.
I made her cry in a good way!
All right.
Christmas is a time for forgiveness.
It's time to put everything behind us, even if it's just for a few minutes, and celebrate.
So let's get the dads and the moms out here.
- Thank you, Abby.
- Welcomes.
You're welcome.
JILL VERTES: That was very nice.
Come on out.
From all of us at the "Dance Moms" family, we want to thank you all for being here tonight.
From all of us, we want to wish you a healthy and a happy holiday season.
Merry Christmas.
Thank you so much for watching.
Thank you!
