ABBY : Previously on "Dance Moms"-- ABBY: Girls, this is for Nationals! Candy Apple Dance Center can't wait to beat your ass. X, O, X, O, Cathy. KELLY: I was talking about how my daughter's come 3,000 miles to do three steps. ABBY: And be lucky she's doing those first steps. I don't know how much people think I can take. I can't take it! ABBY: There should be blood on that dance floor, blood on that stage. And our top scoring National winner with 138-- JILL: Good job, girls! It's hard to watch your kids on stage and think it's the last time you're going to watch them dance. I just don't want to come back. ABBY : Coming up on "Dance Moms"-- ABBY: I want you to be the first to know that I'm going to hold an audition. I'm replacing Brooke and Paige. CHRISTI: Come hell or high water, I'm getting Kelly back here. Can you tell me that I have a brilliant idea? You have a brilliant idea. ABBY: Kendall is going to do a solo this weekend. JILL: What's wrong? HOLLY: What happened? Abby kept yelling at me. JILL: You go back to LA if that's what you want! Because we can't compete with that here. You cannot be a national title holder and run off the stage because you forgot your dance. There will be none of that this season. Year after year, her kid won a title. Now she all over that title. Hit the road, Jack. There's always another kid. THEME SONG: Get up. Get on the floor. My world is with my girls, living on the dance floor. - JILL: Hi, guys. - HOLLY: How are you? - How are you? - It's good to see you! JILL: We're the first ones here. CHRISTI: It's the first week back after our long break, and I think all the girls are really excited to be back. They came off such an amazing win at Nationals, and I think they're excited to show Abby that they've improved. Hi, sweetie. - How are you? - Good. We all showed up for dance today, and Kelly's not in the driveway. It's...like our team is not whole. CHRISTI: You got to really experience hip hop. MELISSA: Look. Look at this. Look at this part. All right. I am not doing a pyramid right now. How dare Kelly do this to me? I've had it. There's not enough people to do a pyramid. I have to go back to the drawing board. No pyramid. I'm angry at the people that aren't here. I'm very disappointed. But I'm also angry at the people that are here. You had six group numbers. Some of you know two of them, some of you know one of them. That's not going to be a winning number. After Nationals, there was a break in the competition season. While I was gone shooting my show in Los Angeles, I arranged for some guest choreographers to come into my studio to have routines that are already ready to go. But then I learned from my staff that nobody showed up. Last season you all had two solos ready to go before we ever started our competition season. I didn't find out the people weren't here until the choreographers called me and say, hey, it was kind of hard to get a great number together when only two kids were there. That makes me look bad. Do these kids really think that you win an overall national title, and then you don't take class anymore? Really? You're only as good as your last performance. The break is the time that you set new goals, you overcome new obstacles, and you improve. No pyramid. HOLLY: But, Abby, how can you throw away all that they worked for last year? Like this. Girls, no pyramid. This weekend we will be traveling to Denver, Colorado to attend In10sity Dance. I want you to be the first to know that I'm going to hold an audition, and I'm replacing Brooke and Paige. And you will be nice and wonderful and kind to whoever the two people are. CHRISTI: Abby not only is screaming at our kids that they missed a few days of dance class for family vacation, but it's also our fault that Kelly, Brooke and Paige aren't here. Maybe I ought to rip your pyramid down and throw it in the dumpster. Because it won't fit in the trash can. OK. So every free minute that you have over the next two weeks, you'd better be working on these numbers. CHRISTI: Chloe, put your hand down. Oh, god. Please put your hand down. ABBY: Chloe, you were at the top of the pyramid. You were the national winner. It's the first week out. You should be doing a solo. You should be defending that title. But I don't know if I'm going to even do solos. CHRISTI: Yeah. Way to go, Chlo. Like, don't make eye contact, raise your hand, and ask her questions. Like, try to find the back of pack. Mackenzie's the only smart one. She's like, I'm little and I'm standing behind everyone. ABBY: Don't ask me about the solos, again. I don't know what I'm doing. Everybody's probably wondering how I'm going to assign routines this week. My focus is going to be the group. I need to get the group routine under way before I give any thought to who's doing a solo or duet or trio. This is the group routine. And you, and you and Paige were demons. And you, and you and Brooke were angels. So now, Chloe's the angel and you're all demons. See how people not showing up affected you? CHRISTI: I love how Abby's like, oh, she's not coming back, ever. Oh, oh, oh. No one will treat me this way in my studio and get away with it. No. Kelly didn't show up. You didn't kick her out. Kelly is not going to crawl back. - CHRISTI: No. - No way. - She's not going to do that. - She said she's not. I-- I really do believe she's not going to come crawling back. Five, six, seven, and piqu , through, look. Down, down, up. Pretty. The group routine this week is "Angel and Demons." It's about an angel who's being torn apart inside by the demons. One-- watch your arms. Watch your arms. She wants to let them out. But, then again, she wants to hide them from everyone. Run, run, saut through, run. So you're coming too soon. You're there before they get there. And you are forgetting what to do. You're, like, blanking on me, you. And you're not getting around her fast enough. You should be around her before she's out on the floor. Wait. Can I just say one more thing about the pyramid? My child is the only one here who's never been at the top of the pyramid. Do you guys realize that? MELISSA: Oh, really? So I know you don't give it any clout, but I would really like for some day, for her to have that goal. And I really was hoping she would say that. Look, I want to get to the top of that pyramid. Because-- - No. --they can. My goal is to get Kendall at the top of the pyramid. And, according to Abby, it's not always your placement in how you do in a group, meaning you don't always have to win to be at the top of the pyramid. I'm holding an open audition. I'm going to look at every kid. And you know that I don't take kids from other studios and just stick them out there. That's ridiculous. I want it to be somebody from my own studio. But, you know what? I don't really care anymore. I hope they're 10 times better than Paige and Brooke. Let's go. Turn around. We started planning this audition while I was still in LA. There was a line around the building and down the block. Come on, come on, come on, come on. - Hi. - Hi! ABBY: All right. Anybody from Michigan? Ohio? New Orleans? JILL: There's always that fear in the back of your mind that-- what if she finds someone that she thinks is better, cuter, more talented than any one of our kids? I mean, I would hate for Kendall to be replaced. Who would like to be on this particular team at the Abby Lee Dance Company? OK. I have two spots. All right, let's do it. All right, girls, up. You guys right there, go. The talent in the studio right now is blowing me away, wow. I have never seen this many talented kids all in one place together at one time. Oh, maybe we have Brooke! I think-- I think we found Brooke. Ready? Let's do it. OK. I'm going to keep you, you-- of course I'm looking for somebody that fits in with the group. But I'm also looking for beautiful legs, gorgeous feet, excellent flexibility, and a great ability to comprehend quickly. That is key when you have to do a new competition routine every single week. I'm going to let you go. Where are you from? You're gone. You jump in there with them. JILL: It's kind of interesting sitting in the viewing room, watching these moms. It's almost like the moms were competing as well as their kids. These moms are crazy. Hey, Leslie? Yes? WOMAN: I did have something I wanted to ask you about. MELISSA: OK. I'm sorry. I have to get through. - Because I felt like it. I don't have to answer to you. You are the rudest woman I know. Yes, you are. - Am I really? Nobody even asked me to pick them up. Are you kidding me? You were chaperoning. LESLIE: They just assumed-- you're a nobody. Why are you even here? I do not abandon eight kids in LA. LESLIE: Shut up! Go back and drive your bus. ABBY: Next group! Ariel walkover. You're just looking better all the time over there, purple. Next group! HOLLY: There's enough talent during this open call that Abby could easily make another team or two. I see it. I'm sure the other moms see it. I think everyone's feeling a little pressured, like, hmm. Is Abby getting bright ideas and maybe replace all the girls? Congratulations! These are our finalists. Give them a round of applause. MELISSA: My biggest concern about Abby bringing someone new into the team is, you know, these girls are all tall. They're at least six, eight inches taller than our girls. So it's kind of going to look odd as a group number. So this girl is going to have to be featured in every single dance. ABBY: Congratulations. I'm-- I'm a little overwhelmed. I have a lot to think about. I will have to decide who will be here in rehearsal tomorrow and going to Denver, Colorado this weekend to compete with our groups. But, you never know. There's some kids on thin ice. It's not over tonight. KELLY: Have you guys thought what you wanted to do about dance? No, not really. BROOKE: My mom pulled me and Paige out of dance because Abby's really mean to my sister. And she also doesn't get along with my mom. We need to decide what we want to do. I don't even know if I want to dance. OK, but what do you want to do? Tell me what you want to do. I want to do dancing, but I also want to, like, model. I would have never been able to take you to do that modeling if we weren't already in LA for dance. And that's why you got to do the song. Like, it all goes together. I think the real question is, do you want to go back? PAIGE: - No. I don't want to go back. I-- I'm just done with Abby torturing me and my kids. I mean, this is supposed to be fun. And I think my kids were starting to not enjoy being there. And I just-- I'm not going to put my kids in an environment that I don't think is safe and healthy for them. GIANNA: Ball change. One-- straight bottom leg. Up! - JILL: Hello. - ABBY: Hello. Kendall is going to be doing a solo this weekend. - That's great. - ABBY: And I'm going to start it today. I think she can do it. - Well, I just hope-- - She's got a lot of potential. --that you and I have a good season-- We can have a good season. --and that you have learned by stepping back and watching. I think after seeing some of those kids that auditioned-- JILL: I know. - --she should be inspired. She will be. Yes, absolutely. Abby gives Kendall the very first solo of the season. And I said to her, it's like the first gift of Christmas. Hey. Kendall has a solo! - Yay! - Yeah! ABBY: Hey, girls! Hi. All right. I worked on some music and I gave some thought to who was here and who did what they were supposed to do. And I am going to start a solo with Kendall. It's called "It Girl." You need to get yourself ready. That's what I'm going to start with. I want everyone else working on the group routine. JILL: So, Abby, what did you think of the talent, and who did you pick? I'm not telling. I don't-- So you did choose one or two? I narrowed the decision down. HOLLY: There are a lot of talented kids with amazing feet, beautiful legs and lines. But it's only been a short period of time since Kelly hasn't shown up to the dance studio. Why do we have this need to fill Paige and Brooke's spot? Work with what you've got and-- Work with what you got. ABBY: I've been working with what I got for-- for 39 weeks, now. It would've been easier to cast a whole new group than to find somebody to fit in with them. Those kids last night we're dancing for their lives. HOLLY: Abby, would you put the new person-- would you give them a solo over the other kids in the group? Yes. JILL: And would this new person start out on probation, like Kendall did last year? ABBY: I don't understand why the mothers don't understand this. I don't want their children looking any less than they did winning the National Championship. I'm doing it to protect their children. This is called "It Girl." The music is a little bit different. So it's sassy and it's fast and it's fun. The music talks about a sassy, swanky, fun loving it girl, somebody who's ahead of her time. And that's Kendall. Ball change, up, up. JILL: I'm really excited that Kendall has a solo. You know what? This is Kendall's year to get something. What did I tell you 10 times? Don't step in front of yourself. You can see how pigeon toed you are. Step to the left. I feel like I'm dealing with a 5-year-old. Why are you not continuing to turn and roll to the floor and leap over your hand? It's the same thing. Do it. She's screaming. ABBY: When I received reports from my faculty during the break, I kept hearing about Kendall. She was always there. She was working really hard. And I thought, wow, Kendall is going to be a force to be reckoned with this season. And I made the routine difficult. Really, Kendall? Kendall, you know what? You're done. The people that were in her dancing are 1,000 times better than you. Go somewhere else and work on it. JILL: There's nothing like working with Abby. You almost have to get your heart and your mind in a certain mode to be able to work with Abby. Oh, she's crying. Uh-oh. MELISSA: What's wrong? HOLLY: What happened? JILL: What were you-- what were you working on? She told me to do the turn, and I didn't hear her, and she yelled at me. Jill, I don't know what's going on but-- I don't, either. --I have an empty room and I have 30 kids shoved into studio B, practicing. I just gave you a combination, and you couldn't remember it two seconds later. That's not Kendall. Time's up. JILL: OK. Let's go. That's what I mean. She keeps being mean to me. A kid who was the only one that got a solo shouldn't be up there crying. She's right. You shouldn't be crying. However, you are. ABBY: I have this crying kid. She's nine years old and she's sitting upstairs on her mother's lap crying. What is going on with your kid? JILL: I don't know, Abby, but you can't say that to her. ABBY: Wait a minute. I can say whatever I want, number one. JILL: Well, then you can't expect her to perform for you. ABBY: The triple coup that she used to do, that we worked on, to the developp, to the inside arabesque-- she couldn't do it. She couldn't remember what she just did. Then she goes upstairs and is crying like a baby. JILL: Of course she's crying because she told me how her feelings were hurt. Oh, you know what? I gave it to her. She had the time. - All right. That was it. All right. I can't-- you know what? We can't compete! JILL: I'm pissed off at Abby because Kendall still has all that fire in her belly and all that potential, and I need Abby to see that again. My goal is to get Kendall at the top of the pyramid. And I want Kendall to be a star. We can't compete with that, here! ABBY: Next! Next! GIANNA: This way, through, drop. - ABBY: How we doing, girls? - Good. ABBY: Good? All right, let's do it. Come on. Oh, my god. It's hot as heck up here. CHRISTI: She OK? I don't know. HOLLY: I'm afraid of what we have to deal with and what our girls have to deal with for this competition season. It's not just a regular old Abby. It's, like, the inflated, egotistical Abby. How can that be? Here's the-- here's the problem. It's the inflated, egotistical, I can have any kid out there I want-- because, look, they come to my auditions. HOLLY: Yes, and she's right. You're-- see, she's a lefty. So that's right. Hi. ABBY: The new moms? OK, bring them in. Uh-oh. - ABBY: Hello. - Hi! ABBY: How are you? - Great. How are you? - Nice to see you. - I love your ring. - Hi. Hi. How are you? Does anybody have a nail file? Should we get our cat claws ready? If I go with you, I have a 10-year-old to keep my age down. If I go with you, then I can win in the 13 to 15 division. I called back two dancers from the audition-- Ally and Ava. Originally, I was replacing Brooke and Paige. But after closer consideration, I decided just to go with one dancer. Pass and just double out. I like Ava. I think she's a really pretty little girl, and I think she's fabulous for only being 10 years old. But she doesn't have her said ariel, yet. I need a kid that can tumble as well as dance. OK. Whatever happens today, I don't want you to take it as the gospel. Two weeks could go by and we could call somebody back in. - Right. - OK? And, by then, you may have your side ariel. Yes? So I'm going to tell you that today is not your day. - OK. - All right? And you're going to go to Denver with us. All right? I'm Ally. I'm 13 years old. This is a big opportunity. And, I mean, I just don't want to screw it up. - Congratulations. - Thank you. ABBY: Ally is a special dancer. She is gorgeous to look at. Her technique is flawless, and she's over 12. That's what I'm looking for. CATHY: Here we are. Another competition season, huh? Since Nationals in LA, where we encountered Abby Lee, my special teams kind of blew up. So I am looking for a total new package. Justice isn't coming back. If Tonya doesn't want to participate at Candy Apples Dance Center, then we don't need her. We don't need Justice. Team kind of fell apart on us, didn't it? Do you miss Justice? +Do you miss him? A little bit? Yeah. If I did something, like, really crazy-- I'm here. Look at me. Look at my eyes. Slow down. If I did something really crazy and went out and did a whole different team, would you be OK if you weren't on the team for now? I mean, you know-- Yeah. Do you think that it would be a good idea if I used all boys? Oh, no. You have chocolate on your teeth. Ew. Let me see. Open up. OK, it's gone. Now it's underneath my fingernail. I think an all-boy team will win a lot. Would win a lot? Yeah, I think you're right, honey. I think that mommy's idea is brilliant. Can you tell me that I have a brilliant idea? You know how I love to hear that kind of stuff. You have a brilliant idea. ABBY: We're going to start working right now. This is the group number. - OK. And I'm just tipping you off. Chloe was my lead in the group number and now it's going to be you. So I'm sure Chloe's mother's going to hate you but, oh, well. SHELLY: It was overwhelming because it was-- it was all so new. And, you know, of course, there's always anxiety when you haven't danced with a team before, especially a team that was so seasoned and-- and had been together so long. So we're going to start you over here. Originally, Chloe had the lead as the angel. But now, Chloe is not the tallest member of the group. So I'm going with the tall member, and that's Ally. This was Brooke's and it's so little. I want to see if it fits you or if it looks stupid. That's cute. Turn back around. ALLY: I felt really bad because Abby switched me out with Chloe's part. Because I didn't want to just come in and, like, take her spot because she's been here for a long time. Who are you? I am Ally's mom. MELISSA: Oh, I'm like-- no one introduced us. HOLLY: Hi. - Here's Holly. - Holly. Nice to meet you. - Shelly. Nice to meet you. HOLLY: Shelly? Yes, Shelly. HOLLY: Oh, nice to meet you. And that is Ally. Oh, OK. What is she working on? I-- I really don't-- I really don't know. One, two, three, four. Smile, one-- Looks like she's learning a solo. I don't know. Break into a big lunge down. I don't know if this is so much a solo-- Oh, so it's a private? HOLLY: I don't think it's a private. It looks like Chloe's part of the dance. OK. HOLLY: As Ally's executing the dance movements, it becomes really apparent that she is not a demon. She is an angel because she's doing Chloe's part. It's the featured part. It's the part in the group dance. Oh, my god. Christi's going to freak. HOLLY: Because Chloe's been talking non-stop about-- She's happy. And she said to Miss Abby yesterday-- remember? She goes, am I still going to have my part? That's exactly right. She did. Excuse me just one minute. HOLLY: OK. Abby's not that noble to pick Ally because I think she-- she believes Ally is that superior of a-- of a dancer. I think Abby selects Ally to do that part because she's getting back at Chloe for missing part of her beauty camp during break. - Hi, Jilly! - Hi! Ugh. JILL: What? MELISSA: This is the new girl's mom. Let's not tell her what, and let's just see if she figures it out. JILL: What? Oh, she's learning the group. MELISSA: Uh-huh, but-- yup, and now keep watching, though. HOLLY: Keep watching. She's doing Chloe's part, isn't she? There you go. That's it. JILL: I think Christi is going to be so disappointed. I feel that this was Abby's way of teaching Chloe a lesson. Don't stay away from the studio for three months. Don't go on family vacations, nonstop. And-- and come to class. ABBY: Piqu , go. Piqu , coup , piqu , coup , soutenu. - Hello! - Hey! How are you? Over there. Over here. We're just going to slide-- new girl was in my spot. - Oh, is she here? - MELISSA: Just slide her down. - CHRISTI: The mom? - JILL: Just slide down. - Yeah. - ABBY: Down. CHRISTI: Oh, does she have the solo? MELISSA: No, not so much. The new girl? No. It's the group dance she's learning. Why is she doing Chloe's part? MELISSA: Uh-huh. Chloe's your national title winner and she's been here since she was two. You know, you talk about these girls missing three days for vacation-- well, Ally's missed 13 years. Hi. JILL: Hi. HOLLY: Hi. - How are you? - We meet again. - Hi. SHELLY: I had the opportunity to meet the moms. And, you know, it was-- it was, you know, scary at first because I'm not from here. I'm not from Pittsburgh. I'm-- I'm from New Orleans. I-- I really don't know anyone. So it was a little-- I was-- I was timid, at first. JILL: I have to say I don't approve. Nothing against-- and I know there's nothing you can do. We-- we all do what we're told. But, you know, Chlo worked hard. They all worked hard. And they've danced here their whole lives. Yeah. I-- I mean, I-- I can understand that. It's understandable. I'm sorry. You know what, Shelly? If you feel so bad, why don't you put your money where your mouth is and go down and say something to Abby? Like, you know, it's not right to take the lead away from a child who's been here since she was two. ABBY: Chloe, the name of your music is "Nobody's Perfect." And that means even though you won that national title, I didn't think your performance was perfect. You need to work on bringing that back like straighter. Don't bend it and pull it through. You need to be just as good as you were then. Chloe should have a solo, of course. She is the reigning National Champion. She needs to hold onto that title. She needs to move forward. She needs to get better. ABBY: Dun, dun, dun, dun. Dun, dun, dun, dun. Dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun. And-- lipstick. Chloe, you are the national title holder. You have two more days to fix this combination. Do you understand that? Two days and you're in Denver, and everybody in the whole country knows that you're the national winner. You're either going to look better than you did or you rested on your laurels and you think you don't have to work anymore because you already won. It's up to you. Go get Maddie. I'm warning you up front-- you cry today, you're finished. No solos. Got it? Drop over, come up. Peace. I give Maddie a solo because Maddie had the best attendance over the break. Breathe. OK. You're a little early. You have time for a double compass. MELISSA: I think Maddie was definitely a little threatened. So now that Ally's on the team, you know, tensions are starting to-- you know, it's starting already, first competition. As we go on I want to get a little more difficult. I want it to be more mature. You have two more days. That's all you have. And I want you to get a copy of the music, Gianna. So listen to the words, listen to the story. It's beautiful. OK? All right, you're good. You can go. Thank you. You're welcome. ABBY: Now remember, Mackenzie, you have come a long way, kiddo. You were just a dumb little kid doing your little thing with the big sister who was amazing. Now you have a national title. Mackenzie has a solo this week, too. It's called "Goodie Goodie." It's sassy, it's cute, it's age appropriate. We're good. Good. Not good. Do the walk. Big. Big, but really-- like, you're looking down at the floor. You need to look up in the air. These two walks are really bad. You need to be, like, sassy and really swing your head when you're upstage. Last year, at the end of the season when you won your title, you were hitting more than a split. Now you're barely in a split. Understand? That's what I'm talking about, about the end of the season you were up here. And now you're, like, not quite up there. OK? MACKENZIE: The choreography for this dance is hard. And it makes me a little nervous. I just told your moms this whole story. Now I'm going to tell you, real quick. You are not at the level you were on last season, when you won the National Championship. You won a title. You want a title. Brooke won a title. And you haven't stepped on stage in how many weeks? And now you're going to go all the way to Denver and perform? Really? I'm crazy. I think I'm crazy. So you're going to do this number for me. And if it's not perfect, I will pull all the demons. And, Ally, you will do the angel part as a solo. Understood? That means you won't be dancing, at all. HOLLY: She cannot possibly be seriously considering scrapping the group number and putting in someone who just walked in off the street and giving her a solo? That's outrageous. That means my child will have nothing to do during this dance competition. MELISSA: So if we don't do this group dance, that means Nia is not dancing. - Yeah. Whoa! That's wrong. Her name is Abby Lee Miller. She has wrong as her middle name. Get up. I'm going to give you a hug. That was great. Ally just did the number as a solo, the group number. So we're worried that she's taking everybody out of the dance and just putting your daughter as a solo. Oh, gosh. I hope that doesn't happen. That means Nia won't be dancing, at all. HOLLY: At this point, we're getting really close to going to competition and don't want to waste my time. And I know as much as I hate to do it, I'm going to have to go downstairs and talk to Abby about this. Abby! ABBY: What? I don't want to go all across the country to have my child not dance in a group or a solo. ABBY: Suddenly, Holly really cares. I mean, she doesn't want to go all the way to Denver if Nia doesn't have a solo. Well, you know what? Too bad. You're part of the team, and this is what we're doing. Don't keep bitching away when your kid's not in a number! I'm not. ABBY: They should've been here, training. HOLLY: But my thing is, Abby, you're not God. I'm just-- all I'm asking-- Then what are you doing in here, wasting my time? All I'm asking you, is Nia in the group dance or not? That's all I'm asking. ABBY: Ask me, then. The last time Abby pulled this stunt, Nia did not dance in a group number. If she's going to Denver, I am expecting that she's going to do the group number. ABBY: I don't know if that's going to happen. ABBY: This is one of my favorite places, ever since I was a kid. Hello! SHELLY: Wow. - Yeah. OK. Can I get a dozen of these to go, in a box with-- Ally came onto this competition team in a whirlwind. Her and her mom haven't even had time to adjust to living in Pittsburgh. I want to get to know them better, and see what they're all about. What do you think of the moms, altogether? I mean, they've been nice. You know, they're very honest, you know, very forthcoming. But they've been-- they've been-- Well, they think you're a big dance mom-- I'm not. --and you're just being sweet and nice and-- Yeah. --that you don't want to make waves and blah, blah, blah, blah. And I'm like-- - No. - --I don't know. Because, you know, you have an older child, so you've been through all this crap. - Yeah. ABBY: Shelley has an older daughter who danced competitively for years. She's been through all the hoops before. I don't think these mothers are going to intimidate her, at all. So she's really excited about dancing this weekend. I'm nervous. I hope Ally-- you know, she's never had the two-day challenge before, so I'm hoping she stands up to it. She'll be fine. But what-- what should I expect? My biggest advice to you-- never let them see you sweat. Never let them see you cry because you're vulnerable. Think before you speak. And, whatever you say, it's a statement. You know, put a period on the end of it. Don't let them come down on you and talk about you and this and that. They have driven away more customers. Nip it in the bud. Oh, crimini. Ugh! ABBY : The team is certainly not ready to go to Denver. I think the group dance could be good if they nail it or it could be a mess if they screw it up. Come on, girls. Hopefully, all eyes will be on Ally. She's going to look stunning. And, hopefully, the judges won't take their eyes off of her. Oh, my goodness! Oh, finally, we have a dance studio! - Yeah! - Yes! We get the mirrors! All right, girls, remember you are the National Champions, so on your best behavior. I don't want to see any of that baby, bratty crying. Got it? I'm serious. I'm nervous I'm going to forget my dance. ABBY: Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Come on! Abby, are solos first? ABBY: Solos are first. HOLLY: Well, since solos are first, did you make-- can we get some guidance about the group number? Because-- I did not even think about it, Holly. I haven't even thought about it until I see everybody today. HOLLY: Well, that's nice. But you won't see Nia perform today because she doesn't have a solo. We did come all the way over here as part of the team, so I don't want it to be in vain. This is a team. This is my team. When I know what I'm doing with the group I'll let you know, Holly. Until then, stop chirping about it. You're only making yourself look desperate. Chloe, you are the national winner. And I have stressed that to you. And even though your mother is insisted that you did not miss at all over the break, I'm still telling you, you're not where you were at the end of last season. And that's what breaks are for. CHRISTI: Abby rules by fear. And she made it clear that each of those girls had something to fear. And, for Chloe, it was you're only as good as your last dance. Well, you know what? Her last dance was pretty good. ABBY: Uh-uh. Right there, posture. Get those arms behind you. I don't know, but-- I miss my friend. Yeah. I miss her, too. Well, we all do. I don't know about Abby. CHRISTI: She's such a witch. MELISSA: Kelly is just Kelly. I mean, it's just part of our group. We might not all get along all the time, but at the end of the day, we are a dysfunctional family. It's weird. Today is weird. MELISSA: That's why we keep saying we're missing one. It's Kelly. It's weird. Like, I'm sitting here and I'm looking. And, like, it's weird not to have Kelly here. I'm sorry, Shelly, it's still her seat. It's very clear that I'm in Kelly's seat. And Ally's in Paige and Brooke's seat. CHRISTI: Ally's in Brooke's jacket. SHELLY: Yeah. Yeah. I don't even know Kelly. I don't really know the history behind it or why she didn't come back. But, if it's Kelly's choice, then I know-- I don't know what to say. Well, I'll tell you one thing you could say. If she tries to make that group dance a solo, you should stand up and say my daughter is not doing it. But I'm not the teacher. Like, I don't tell the algebra teacher how to teach algebra, so why would I tell a dance teacher how to teach dance or how to make those decisions? Telling her you would rather do the group not a solo isn't telling the dance teacher how to teach dance. - No, you are. If that's what she chose to do-- now, I'm not going to tell her what to do with her creative license. JILL: I don't know what Shelly is up to, but this is really heartbreaking to me. I'm not sure Shelly is going to last with this group of dance moms. I can't predict it. It doesn't look good. She's no dummy. You put the-- CHRISTI: No, she's not. She knows exactly what she's doing. She's here for one purpose, one purpose only. ABBY: How's it going in there? OK. Just-- if you want to just give me peace right now and let me get through this first competition-- Tell them they're doing the group? --please just tell them they're doing the group. HOLLY: I can't believe that she said that, as a mom, she would not question a teacher's decision. You're the mother. You get to decide what's morally right and what's morally wrong. If you know a teacher is doing something that's wrong, you get to be able to say-- instruct the teachers, like, that's wrong. You're sending the wrong message to my child. I really want it to be a group. - Well, you know what? - It's just so beautiful. It's a group. There's no doubt that it's a group. It's just that I got to keep them-- - I know. - --in control. I know. I can't have a studio where the mothers run the show. I know. - That does not work for me. - I know. I know. I have to say that I am not sure Shelly fits in. Like, when she speaks, birds fly out of her mouth. When I speak, fire comes out of mine. Holly, she makes you look rough. MADDIE: I'm backstage getting ready to do my solo, and I'm a little bit nervous because this is my first week back and I really want to impress Abby and the judges. ANNOUNCER: Welcome To the stage Maddie with "Don't Leave Me." Live will turn out fine for me. With courage and persistence, one day all my dreams will be fully realized and I will be at peace. Isn't that what you want to believe? MELISSA: There's always pressure on Maddie. Abby says to Chloe, you have to beat Maddie. Maddie, you have to beat Chloe. Kendall, you have to beat Maddie and Chloe. You know, she puts crazy pressure on all the kids. So please don't leave me. So please don't leave me that way. ANNOUNCER: That was act number nine, Maddie, with "Don't Leave Me." MADDIE: I thought my solo went very well. I'm so excited of how the stage was and how good my turns were. And I'm excited that I did a solo this week. I just wanted to talk to you for a minute because I know that Abby keeps saying, like, oh, you're not the same Chloe. Oh, I know you're not the same Chloe. Oh-- you're not. I think you're a better Chloe. And, you know, she keeps saying to Maddie and Kendall, are you going to let Chloe beat you again? It's not always about winning. It's about improving. So I just want you to focus on doing this dance well. You did just win Nationals. You know, this is your first dance back, so don't think of it as, you know, I better go out there and I better win. Think of it, oh, this is like, a victory performance. So you're going to go out there and show everyone why you won. OK? All right? Lock it. All right. CHLOE: Right before I go on stage for my solo I'm a little bit nervous. I think Miss Abby's putting kind of a lot of pressure on me because I won Nationals. And she wants me to go out there and win, again. ANNOUNCER: Once again, this is act number 10 in our Elite Junior Contemporary Solos. Please welcome to the stage, Chloe, with "Nobody's Perfect." It's the mistake you make that make you who you are. The bigger chance you take just might take you far. You learn more in this life when you fall. Don't let that stop you, now, stop you at all. Don't get down on yourself or want to be somebody else. We all know deep inside, nobody's perfect. Nobody's perfect. CHRISTI: I am really, really proud of my daughter because I think that she is knocking it out of the park not just technically, but I think she is finally dancing from her heart. And I think you can see it. Don't get down on yourself or want to be somebody else. We all know, deep inside, nobody's perfect. Nobody's perfect. - I didn't even know. - I didn't know that. Yeah. I didn't even know. CHLOE: During my dance I forgot, like, two steps. And I kept going and thought on my feet. And, I mean, there's definitely things that I can improve on. But, overall, I thought I did pretty well. Woo-hoo! Bravo! Very nice. Great performance, Chloe. Great. Thank you. Beautiful. Great, great, great, great, great. So, Melissa, she definitely improved over the break. Either that or she's been paying attention to little Miss Ally over there. Chloe, the turns-- you didn't do the right turns. You didn't do the-- down. You did another turn that was amazing. But, Chloe, someday it's going to matter. Someday you need to remember the choreography the way it is given to you. If you change something in the choreography-- if you forget it just put something else in-- in a real show when you are a professional, that doesn't work. That's get fired, hire somebody else. Understood? CHRISTI: I guess Chloe is the new Paige, you know, the punching bag for all of Abby's insults. I think that, more than anything, Abby is jealous of Chloe because Chloe has a heart of gold and Abby is dead inside. ABBY: Don't let that hair bother you. Hi! Hey. How are you? - ABBY: Good. How are you? Long time no see. This is the guy from high school? I got a surprise visit from an old friend of mine. Ladies-- You know him? Kelly-- remember the guy she's always talking about? - It was good to see you. - See you. - Take care. - Thanks. Hmm. Was that the boy you stole from Abby? Is there-- oh, OK. There's the history there, now. Uh-huh. Oh. ABBY: This is him. Kelly who? Kelly-- ditzy blonde, like, hair. Airhead. You remember. Forgot the routines? - Yes. Oh, got it. You got a beautiful daughter, by the way. - So you live here now? - I live in Parker, yes. How do all these people know you out here now? What? It's like, I'm walking down the hall and everyone's, "Abby, Abby, Abby, Abby." ABBY: I'm somebody, now. - And these girls-- - You know-- - And these girls, too. --I was nothing-- I was nothing in high school. Now I'm somebody. I'm a dance teacher. It's hot in here. Kelly has the mothers believing that she dated him or went out with him. In the meantime, she was 12. He didn't even remember who she was. - It's nice to see you. - Can we get together? Tonight? ABBY: Maybe tonight. Can I leave, please? Would you mind? MELISSA: No, we're fine. Yes, we would. CHRISTI: No, we wouldn't mind. You haven't finished working. MELISSA: Look at me. I'm like, you're fine. ABBY: Ally, you want to come out with Mark and I? We're going to go and watch some numbers. I'm going to talk to him. You want to go in the theater? OK. - HOLLY: Bye. Come back, Abby. MELISSA: I don't understand why she wouldn't take our girls to watch. CHRISTI: Because she's wooing her. I really do think she's trying to woo her. And I have something to say. He did date Kelly. He's pretending he didn't, and he-- they did date. Like, I know for a fact they dated. I thought they did, too. - JILL: I know they did! Like he probably is afraid to admit it in front of her because she was so psycho jealous she tried to slash his tires over it. You know that? Like, she went ballistic over it. Abby liked him. He knows who Kelly is. Yeah. JILL: Did you see, all of a sudden I think she was trying to hold her stomach in. She got skinny! CHRISTI: Jill! Jill! She actually got thin. Did you notice her outfit today? She looks really skinny. No, I don't think she got thin. She's lost some weight. MELISSA: Yeah, thinner. OK. Like, yeah. No. Abby gave you that for solo for a reason. OK? First solo of the season, this is yours. You got this. - OK. - All right. - Don't talk that loud. Let's go. This is adorable for Kendall. She is a little it girl. She can go out there and nail this. ANNOUNCER: Number 14, this is in our Elite Junior Open. So please welcome today Kendall with "It Girl." She burst out onto the scene. Then she struts her stuff for the magazines. She's tall and cool and sophisticated, walking that groove syncopated. She's the it girl, so plain to see. We all want to be just like her. She may be over-rated, but one thing's for sure. She's so opinionated! She's very complicated! She's got the whole world! She's the latest it girl! She's so opinionated! MELISSA: I can usually tell from the first eight count if this is going to be an amazing performance or if it's just going to be an OK performance. And, unfortunately, with the jet lag and all the stress, the number was good. It wasn't fabulous. - There's Kendall! - Good job, Kendall! - Good job, Kendall K! - You did great, Kendall. - Come here, Kendall. - You did really well, honey. - You did awesome! - You did it. It feel good? Huh? You all right? You settled down? All right. Kendall, what did you think? I thought it was good. I thought it was entertaining. I thought it was fun. But, you know what? You were the one that was there during the break. You were the one that was improving. You're the one that had the privates. I think you should've blown Maddie and Chloe out of the water. That's what I think. Are you in agreement? Absolutely. Good answer, Jill. You're learning. Wow. So I'm glad you put the group costume on because you can do the group dance. I have to think about the team. And sometimes, Holly, it's better to not dance and sit in the audience than go out and not be ready and look like crap. I tried to tell Holly, just wait and let me see. She didn't get it through her head that I was strategically watching the other competitors. Those moms may think they know it all, but they don't know half of what I do. All right, let's focus. Nia, just feel everyone around you. If you're too fast, slow down. You nervous, Ally? Nervous in just getting out there and doing the dance well or nervous in judges not liking you? What? What kind of nervous? Letting me down? The pressure that Abby put on me was very stressful because I don't want to screw the dance up. I'm just a little scared that I won't be able to do it. ANNOUNCER: Act number 20. This is in our Elite Junior Contemporary Small Group. Please welcome to the stage "Angels and Demons." I woke up this morning thinking what to wear. Don't know if I should be me. I'm a little scared. My soul has been captured but I'm in no pain because I'm no angel. I have two faces. I put one on for you, put one on for me. These angels and demons won't set me free. CHRISTI: I thought the demons were amazing. And I was watching the demons because the angel had her own part. And, you know what? My daughter was a demon. So maybe if she was an angel, I could have said the angel was amazing. But I wasn't watching. --angel! I have two faces. I put one on for you, and one for me. These angels and demons won't set me free. ANNOUNCER: That was act number 20, "Angels and Demons." When Abby does one of these claps, that means it's good. Yeah. ABBY: I thought for the first time out this season the group was pretty darn amazing onstage. Ally was just gorgeous. Her dancing was angelic. I think Ally sold the role of the Angel. ABBY: Yay! Hallelujah! Very nice! And my new angel, yay! Oh, my god. You was stunning. She was just this pretty little angel. It was fabulous. CHRISTI: Abby comes in the dressing room, and I think it's so funny that she gives Ally all the credit for the group dance. Like, wouldn't you want to give your dancers credit, that you've trained? Isn't it your name and your reputation? ABBY: Mackenzie, I made some changes in your solo and you're up. So I think you need to get those socks off and we need to warm up and go through those changes. And what happens if you forget? You cannot be a national title holder and run off the stage because you forgot your dance. There will be none of that this season. Melissa, if she runs off that stage she can keep on running right back to Pittsburgh. OK. MACKENZIE: I can't forget the solo. I want to win like Maddie won at my age. Kenz, you know it. GIANNA: Let's go from the top. Here. I'll get the song. --and she's going to be great. Before Mackenzie went on stage, we all prayed so that Mackenzie wouldn't forget her dance and she would run off and cry. Because I don't want Mackenzie to forget her dance, and I don't want Abby to yell at her. ANNOUNCER: All right. Next up on stage in our Elite Mini Acro Solo, please welcome to the stage Mackenzie with "Goodie Goodie." Goodie goodie. Goodie goodie. Goodie goodie, I want plenty. Coming back for more. Goodie goodie. Goodie goodie, give me plenty. Woo! Don't keep me coming back for more. Goodie goodie, I want plenty. Coming back for more. MELISSA: Mackenzie comes out on stage. Her turns were good, her tricks were great, then all of a sudden her bow flies out of her hair. I want plenty. Coming back for more. Go! Come on. Goodie goodie, give me plenty. Yum, yum. Give me some. You were great! Don't cry. Kenz, you did it! No. She is, Mackenzie. ABBY: , Melissa you should have learned from the very first competition we did, the headpiece gets sewed in the head. That bow fell on the floor and everybody in the audience watched the bow instead of watching Mackenzie. Mackenzie was even watching the bow. That's why she forgot her dance. Thanks, Melissa. HOLLY: Well, Melissa, I still thought that Mackenzie's dance was great. The caliber of the types of moves that she did, and her performance was strong. MELISSA: It was. I hear little feet. MELISSA: Honey, you were great! Honey, your bow fell out. Don't-- You fixed it. And, you know what? Don't cry when Miss Abby yells. It's OK. She's going to yell at me. It's OK. Mackenzie, what's going on? I thought we talked about no crying. MELISSA: She didn't. You were crying offstage in the wings. Yes, you were. All right. Are we ready for awards? HOLLY: We'll never hear the end of Abby's mouth if the girls come in second or if they lose. That's going to be miserable for everyone. And we will hear I told you so. I told you your girls weren't good enough. I just don't even want to see what will happen if the girls do not come in first place. Because it will not be pretty. ANNOUNCER: All right. Starting off in the Elite Mini Solo Division competition from the Jazz category. Ladies and gentlemen, your highest scoring the Acro category, act number three, "Goodie Goodie." So you, my-- you, my fair lady, you then actually win $100 and a full scholarship for the In10sive. Congratulations. Take a bow. MACKENZIE: Ha, ha, Abby. I won anyways. ANNOUNCER: All right. Moving now into our Elite Junior Solo Division of competition, the top five highest scoring-- fifth place, with a score of 265.8 points is Miss Kendall, act number 14, "It Girl" Oh, I'm so glad. They call fifth place, and it's Kendall. And I'm very happy, don't get me wrong, that Kendall is in the top five. I was hoping for a higher position. And, I'm just being honest, that's what I want. It's not bad to want that for your child. ANNOUNCER: Second place, with a score of 277.3 points, Miss Chloe with act number 10, "Nobody's Perfect." CHRISTI: I think Chloe's going to be at the bottom of the pyramid next week because Abby looks for any excuse she can to tear her down. And it doesn't matter that Chloe got second place. Abby's only going to look at the negative because that's all she ever does with Chloe. ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen, your highest scoring Junior Solo, with a score of 279.6 points, is Miss Maddie with act nine, "How Do You Like Me Now?" And, ladies and gentlemen, your highest scoring Junior Solo, who wins a full scholarship to the In10sive in any 2012 city, as well as a check for $100 smackeroos. Great job. Dancers, let's do a bow on three. One, two, three. ABBY: Maddie was stellar. She was wonderful. She won her division. Chloe, you let Maddie get back on top. You weren't here over the break. You didn't train. You didn't improve. Do you want to traipse all over the country or do you want to be the best dancer that you can be? It's time for you to decide. ANNOUNCER: All right. Moving now into our Elite Junior Small Groups. Third place, with a score of 261 points, is act number 17, "Boogie Shoes." Second place, with a score of 268 points, is act number 18, "Fix You." And, ladies and gentlemen, your highest scoring Junior Small Group, with a score of 279.5 points, is act number 20, "Angels and Demons." CHLOE: Yay! The group gets first. But I wish Brooke and Paige were here to celebrate with us. Name of your studio on three, nice and loud. One, two, three. Abby Lee Dance Company! ANNOUNCER: Congratulations on your performance. You guys can take a bow on three. ABBY: I'm very proud of myself, I'm proud of my staff, and I'm proud of the girls. I had to put a winning number back on the stage. Coming off of a national victory, you can't rest on your laurels. So we did it. The girls went out there, they were beautiful, it was a great number, and we won again. You know, the-- I think the girls were amazing. And I think that dance was fabulous. But, like, what happens next week? You know, like, we go back. Do we have pyramid? When you're featured, it's easier to get to the top of the pyramid. Good job, girls! MELISSA: Way to go. Way to go. HOLLY: Congratulations! Congratulations. Wow! That was another clean sweep! Kenzie, don't get a big head. It's the beginning of the season. There weren't that many people against you. Understood? Thank you, Ally, for being a new addition to our team. Girls, do you see what it's like to have somebody that's inspiring and wants to work hard and is there? You know, that just isn't Brooke and Paige. Sorry. But maybe they're reacting to the way you talk to them. Maybe you should have been more encouraging. Maybe I should have done a lot of things. But, you know what? Maybe I should get a thank you. Year after year, her kid won a title. Now she all over that title. Excuse me, ladies. I don't swear in front of children. But, you know what? That's what they did over the title, over the competition that was holding the title, everything. And you don't do that, not in this business. And you just curse in front of our children, and you-- ABBY: That's right. - Yeah, that's right. Nice role model, Abby. Hey, hit the road, Jack. There's always another kid, always. You're always so eager to get rid of people. This entire team has made a commitment and we've been-- ABBY: Sacrifice, sacrifice, sacrifice! I leave my husband. I leave my other daughter. Sacrifice, sacrifice! It's all OK until you-- You wouldn't know because you don't have anybody else! That's right, sweetheart. You walk out that door, keep walking. You're finished. This week has been quite nice without Kelly. Now if I could just find a way to get rid of Christi. I'm sorry I swore, but you've all heard worse. Girls, great job. You're dismissed. I'm going to go have dinner. I have an old friend I saw today. I'm so glad you came over here today. That that was a surprise. All right. Well, let's wrap it up. MELISSA: Oh, what about Kendall's shoes? I heard the fat lady singing in the hall. It's time to go. ABBY : This season on "Dance Moms"-- - Well, welcome-- - Thank you. --star! Be grateful that Sophia has joined our group. Look how thrilled I am. ABBY: Everybody wants to be a superstar. CHRISTI: We need to do some sort of initiation. We could put E6000 in her eyelash glue because she's wearing eyelashes. ABBY: There's some kids on thin ice. Why you have to do this, I don't understand. Because you get too big for your britches, that's what happens. You are more worried about your friendships with all of these women than your own kids, and you know it. Next! JILL: Everybody is replaceable. ABBY: Chloe was awful today. She cheats! She fakes it! You pick on the children! Because you're an idiot! GIRLS: Abby Lee Dance Company! Get away from me. ABBY: Hi. I have a trespassing issue. You're replaced! That's it! Finished. Done. See what happens to people? You do all this crap with their kid-- --you get them to win a National Championship, and then they all over you. What are we doing to our kids? Sorry. Why didn't you get out of the car and go, no, I'm going in there?
