ABBY LEE MILLER : Previously on "Dance Moms." Line up, soldiers. I don't think some of you want to be here, and I certainly don't think any of you work hard enough. I can't believe you were tattle-telling on a seven-year-old. People know how my child dances. Do you really think anyone who goes to the dance competition knows how your child dances? ABBY LEE MILLER: Kendall, you're chasing her. Second place, entry number 74, "Free the People." Sometimes you have nothing intelligent to say, you should just be quiet. ABBY LEE MILLER: So today, you will be voting on Maddie or Chloe. Maddie wins. ABBY LEE MILLER : Coming up on "Dance Moms." We're getting beat by teachers that I've never even heard of before. Here it comes. Whoo. But it's not funny or cute to throw a kid on stage and them not be warmed up. I have been officially invited to be on "The View." My foot doesn't hurt anymore. And? It's about this whole charade. Don't let her rehearse. - What charade? - The charade about the foot. What the is wrong with the foot? I want to know where the miracle came from, because-- She rested. Don't take it out on me that Abby pulled your kid from a dance. Why don't you call the doctor and ask him? [MUSIC - NIKKO LOWE, "LIVING ON THE DANCE FLOOR"] Get up. Get on the floor. My world is with my girls living on the dance floor. ABBY LEE MILLER: Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Come on, girls. Get in here. On the presidential campaign, this means peace. But here at Abby League Dance Company, it means seconds. Not only are we getting beat by Kathy's brilliant team of imports, we're getting beat by teachers that I've never even heard of before. We were the losers. ALDC lost again, two weeks in a row. How are we going to recover? How are these dancers going to get better? How do they improve in a week? Put the effort forth. You get out what you put in. All right, I want to get to the pyramid. First, I have Mackenzie. You didn't dance. Next, Paige. That flag was a symbol for everybody in that audience. Don't do a disservice to this country. Abby puts Paige at the bottom of the pyramid because she held the flag upside down the wrong way. That's why we didn't win because Paige held the flag the wrong way. And next, Kendall. We've worked on your facial expressions. They've improved. We've worked on your stamina. That's getting there. Now focus. Wherever your eyes go, that's where the judges' eyes go. You can't watch Maddie like a member of the audience. And next I have Brooke. Brooke, during rehearsal, you did an outstanding job. Then we get on stage and you go right by Asia and the flag and then you have to wait four counts. You have to think on stage. Chloe. Chloe, you did a solo. You did a nice job. You were second only to Maddie. Corrections. Hyperextending the elbows. Not lengthening the back of the knee. You can fix all of those things, but you have to want to. And next, Nia. You did an outstanding job. I thought you looked good in the group. I noticed you in the group. I also noticed that you were smart and you figured out you couldn't live Asia until she got there. Finally Abby notices Nia. She's making it to the middle row of the pyramid. That's a good thing. And next. Asia, you won the overall high score in the petite division. I think that you're a little firecracker, and I think you step on stage and you cause an explosion. So Asia's number 2. I'll take the 2 for this time, as long as she doesn't drop lower than that. And on top of the pyramid. Maddie, you were the overall high scorer of the junior division. And in first place, entry number 30, "I'm Trying." - Yeah, Maddie. - Whoo-hoo. Your friends voted for you, too. It was a good performance. You are the type of personality that this country was built on. You all know that song "America the Beautiful?" Maddie, you are America the Beautiful. You're welcome. People have accused me of playing favorites. Maddie gets what she deserves. She puts in the time. She puts in the energy. She wants it. Why wouldn't she be the favorite? Now, before I get started on this week's assignments, I want to ask Mackenzie where your cast is. You should have an air cast on that foot. My foot doesn't hurt anymore. And? What's your doctor's excuse? Did you go to the doctor again? No. I mean, yeah. No, you did not, Kenz. You didn't go back to the doctor. Tell her exactly what the doctor told you. He said that it's OK to dance. And how did he look at your foot again? He didn't. So over the phone? He said that she has to rest it until it feels 100%. She knows her own body. She knows her own body? She can't even create a sentence to answer me with. I'm sorry. The doctor said two weeks and I don't feel comfortable going against his wishes. It has not been two weeks. I don't want Mackenzie dancing because she's eight years old. She's little. Those tiny, little bones in her feet are fragile. And Mackenzie has the potential to go the distance in her dance career. I don't want to do something now that's going to prevent her from having a career further down the line. Let's talk about this week. We are headed to Energy Dance Competition in Youngstown, Ohio. I'm sure that Kathy is going to be there. I'm sure her boy group will be back in full force. But I'm really not too concerned with Kathy. I'm worried about the other studios in Youngstown, Ohio. The group number is entitled to "Hear No Evil." Everyone is in it, except Mackenzie and Maddie. Maddie, you will not be dancing with the group in the group routine. You will be assisting me with the choreography. I don't think the rest of the group is as serious as Maddie. They just say, well, Maddie will figure out the counts. Maddie will know the music. So I want to teach them a lesson. They all need to be the leaders. They all need to know what's going on. Maddie, you will be doing a solo. The name of your solo is "They'll Never Change." Asia, you will be performing a duet with Nia. The name of your routine is "Move You Too." And Asia, I'm expecting my little firecracker to light Nia up. We're going to get Nia moving faster, jumping higher. Nia, when Asia's leg is up here, her leg better be up there. You can't be any less than Asia is on stage. It's going to be hard for anyone dancing with Asia to match her energy, but Nia can hold her own, and she can definitely bring it to the dance floor. I think Nia will be just fine dancing with Asia. I have one more solo. It's going to Chloe. It's contemporary. And the name of the routine is "About Mother." Moms, you are dismissed. Ladies, spread apart. I'm taking you out of that group because I think they're dragging you down. And if you had a bunch of people to dance with that were on your level that wanted it, you would be first place all the time. You have to worry about you, understood? Maddie's solo is called "They'll Never Change." Who is she referring to in "they?" I don't know. Maybe the other girls in the group. Maybe they're not going to change. Maybe they're not going to try to work harder. Or maybe it's the other moms. Maybe they'll never change and they'll always be jealous of Maddie. I think if Abby thinks that Maddie is so much more mature then Maddie should move up to the senior group. That's exactly-- then what's she doing dancing with these kids, week after week after week if they're holding her back. KELLY: Exactly. Move her out of our group. If Abby thinks that Maddie is too good for this group, pull her. Have her dance with your seniors. We don't need her. On your left. 8, 4, 5. Maddie is demonstrating this week because she's not such a second place performer. She's a winner. She's a champion. She's an artist. She wants to do this 24/7. It's totally unrealistic and illogical to make it so that Maddie is the only one that has goals, aspirations, and everyone else-- And talent. And talent and ambition. The group routine is entitled "Hear No Evil." It's going to be a challenge for the girls. The music is difficult to count to. So I'm going to pull their leader, the one with the great musicality, out of the group and see how they handle it. Every one of these girls need to be the Maddie. Melissa, are you comfortable with Maddie being the assistant choreographer of our group? I heard her say she's going to be assisting. Yeah, don't be calling her assistant choreographer. What is the difference between choreographing and assistant choreographer? What's the difference? And it really doesn't make a difference to me if Abby pulls Maddie out of the group dance. I mean, Abby tells us every week that Maddie is so much better than our girls, so take her out of the group then. Asia. But I have to say, I know these girls have been dancing together for a long time, but I don't know. Does she pick up choreography fast? Right here in rehearsal, she might be-- Oh, I know what you're saying. Yeah, but on stage, it comes together. Asia isn't keeping up well with this group. They're a well-oiled machine. Asia's new to the group. She's several years younger than most of them and she's half their size. It's not a good fit. So what happens when Kenzie's put in a group? Is she behind the choreography with the older girls because she's small, or you're-- Not wrong, not off, not slower, but the timing. Speaking of Mackenzie, I have a question. What changed with Mackenzie that now she's 100% ready to go? Because her foot feels better. Either Mackenzie really wasn't that hurt to begin with or she's really still hurt now. But one way or the other, you're lying. This is what my- the doctor said to me, Christi. Kenzie can dance when she feels 100% confident in her foot. She knows her body. You have been going on and on and on for weeks that she can't dance, she can dance, she can't dance. But she rested for a whole week doing literally nothing. A week really isn't that long to rest. Well, you know what? Mackenzie feels better and she's fine. Hello? It's Teresa. I got some really super, exciting news for you. That is crazy. Oh my god. Oh my god. I want to sit next to Whoopie. I am so excited to be going to "The View." But me sitting there next to them, I'm a little bit nervous about that. I am super stoked about my kids performing on "The View." Come on, that is amazing advertisement for my studio. I'm guest-hosting "The View." She's wooing, whooping, and hollering. She's distracted by a phone call. I think Abby calls a 900 number, I swear to God. I need everybody in studio A. Everybody, come on. I have a big announcement to make. I just got a phone call and I have been officially invited to be a guest host on "The View." Oh, oh my god. So I will be hosting the entire hour of "The View." I think Abby can hold her own, but I am a little bit worried about what's going to come out of her mouth. Of course, I am going to have the Abby Lee Dance Company competition team, one of our winning group routines perform on "The View." Excited? Yes. I'm excited to go to New York. This is a great opportunity for the girls to be on "The View." As far as the moms go, if Abby doesn't want the moms to go, I love to shop in New York. So I'm excited. So next week, we will be traveling to New York City. Unfortunately, the lady from "The View" said I need to submit the routine that they're going to be performing tonight. So we need to do something that is exciting and something that lets people think. You like that one? That's beautiful. I'm excited about co-hosting "The View," but you know what? There is no rest for the weary. We still have a big competition this weekend. We need to perfect the group number and get the solos ready. All right, spread apart. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. I want to know how long this happiness will last for Abby. That's big news, so that means she'll ride that high for, I don't know, the rest of the night would be nice. It's one thing being a guest, but she's an actual host. - I know. - Come on. Let's go from the top, Maddie. You got it? [MUSIC - WE THE COMMITTEE, "THIS WON'T END QUIETLY"] You told me we were fighters, fighters. Watch with the knuckles when you push forward, Chloe. The group can win without Maddie. It should win without Maddie. The problem is they rely on Maddie. Girls, you need to step up to the plate. You need to listen to the music. And you're not. You're letting Maddie do the work. Kendall and Brooke obviously were doing a different time and they felt they were right, and the other people were way ahead. They kept going because they thought they were right. Maddie, who did you think was right? All right, let's go again. Maddie told me she's happy and sad about assisting. She said she loves doing it, but she's sad because she wants to be in the dance, and she doesn't want any of her friends to get angry with her. Melissa, do you think that Maddie is uncomfortable with Abby leaving her in charge of her friends? Yeah. She said that she's happy and sad at the same time. Do you think Maddie misses being in a group dance this week? Absolutely. Whatever Abby wants her to do, you know she's going to listen to that. Is Mackenzie frustrated after the pyramid yesterday, because Abby has been doing absolutely nothing again this week, and she feels like she can dance. Melissa said that Mackenzie had to be off of her foot, doctor's orders, for two weeks. And I don't think Melissa really thought that Abby was going to take her for her work, and two weeks is two weeks. I went round and round with some of the numbers and I think that we should do "The Last Text" for "The View." I think that it's an important piece, and I think we have a message to send out to all the viewers. All I need you to do is a roundoff back handspring to that corner and fall to the ground. What number is this? It's called "The Final Text?" HOLLY: "The Last Text." KRISTIE RAY: What is Asia doing? Replacing Mackenzie, it looks like, but she won't let Kenzie dance. Mackenzie is not dancing right now and we need to rehearse this routine, so why wouldn't I put Asia in the number? JILL: They don't- She doesn't dance. She does a roundoff back handspring and done. CHRISTI: Back handspring and done. Oh my gosh, so do you think Abby won't let her dance? Well, maybe it's just for rehearsal. We'll see. I mean, I think Asia could be a backup for Mackenzie, but she's not a team member. Mackenzie is a team member. Well, Mackenzie is injured, right? She was. You saw her crying. OK, but she's better now. I want to know where the miracle came from because-- She rested. - OK. - Please. It's really none of your concern. She's not in the dance so be happy, because that's what you want. No, that's not true. Absolutely it is. Melissa made such a big deal about Mackenzie can't dance. She's crying in pain. It hurts so bad. Now all of a sudden the girls are dancing on "The View" and Mackenzie had a miraculous recovery. It just doesn't jive. - She's fine. Ask her yourself. - How? Why don't you call the doctor and ask him? Don't take it out on me that Abby pulled your kid from a dance, because my kid and the rest of our kids have been listening to Abby talk about how wonderful your children are and your daughter is all week, and we haven't told you to go F yourself. Listen, this is for "The View." Millions and millions of people are watching that. There will be no mistakes. - KELLY: She's here. - Hey. Hi. Hillary. I'm Brooke. Nice to meet you. Oh, look, we got the keyboard all set up. We're ready to go. Brooke loves to sing, and I feel like this is a great opportunity for the girls. I mean, we're going to be on "The View," and I just feel like while I'm out there in New York City, I want to take advantage of this and have Brooke go meet with a music producer and have her, you know, see about doing another song. So before we go, I want to have Brooke meet with a vocal teacher and have her have a lesson so when we go to New York, she is completely prepared. I just keep telling her this, being in dance, she has a lot of opportunities to get out there and sing. Absolutely, 100%. Of course. You already have an audience to your dance. Like you opened that door for being a fantastic dancer, and now you can branch out and do other things as well. The hardest part is being a person who will work hard, and you're a hard worker. And so you apply that to your singing, you're going to get stuff out of it. How are you doing? You have to go this weekend. If I leave you at home and you dance all weekend, what if you get hurt again and you're not good for New York City? Then Asia's going to be doing "The View." Like right now, Asia is rehearsing your spot. This is Mackenzie's number, "The Last Text." She deserves to be in the number. You know, Asia just came up to me and she goes, oh, I'm rehearsing the group thing for "The View," but Kenzie had Maddie tell me that I was out of it because she's perfectly fine. But wait, why would Maddie go and tell her that? That's not her job. Well, that's what I told her. I said, Asia, I said just wait. I said it's Abby's decision, not Melissa's. - Yeah. - This is her team. It's not Asia's team. I understand, but then let's compete. If Mackenzie can't compete, then she can't do "The View." I know you want to dance. - I want to dance. - I know. OK. I don't think Mackenzie should be taken out of the dance. Mackenzie does a roundoff back handspring. That's all she does, so she needs to let Mackenzie dance. Tell me, what did you learn from the whole Maddie/Chloe thing? Maddie, Maddie, Maddie. Take that sadness and put it into your dancing. Well, the corrections that Maddie gave me, I'm trying to really use them. The whole voting thing, it should have been five people voting for you and five people voting for Maddie. Like they couldn't decide. So you need to toughen up. You need to get a thick skin, because this business is ruthless. Chloe wants to be a star, a celebrity. She wants to sign autographs. That is not making her a better dancer. All of those things need to be put on hold until her dancing is to the level that it should be. I'm actually really surprised that Abby is giving Chloe a solo again this week after the whole voting mishap in the dressing room. I think what really hurt Chloe more than anything was the fact that her peers, whom she respects, voted against her. So I'm really glad that Chloe has a chance to go out and redeem herself. Do you know what this is about? It's about all that we've been through together. It's about mother, everything we've been through. Let me tell you about my mama, she's a bitch. The dance teacher hates her. That's true. And her partner in crime. I like that Chloe's solo this week is called "About Mother." You know, Abby always tries to make it be a negative thing, but I'm going to look at this as a tribute to my relationship with Chloe, not as a negative thing about our relationship. 1, 2, 1, 2, 3, and 4. I've got something to tell you and-- Asia and Nia are doing a duet this weekend entitled "Move You Too." Asia has an over-the-top personality, especially when she steps out on stage. And the only other performer that I think of is a drag queen. They're just that over the top persona. They're bigger than life, and that's what I want Nia to be. Oh, here, Abby's going to do her drag queen walk. She's revving up from head to toe. Mama's in the house. Oh, Lord. Look, she's got her foot beveled. Oh, the head's bopping. Oh, god. The torpedoes are out. Abby loves herself a drag queen dance. - Oh, Lord, help us all. - Watch out. Everybody get out your mental scrub brush. OK, here she goes. I hope she didn't do that for her date. Oh, the wrists are limp. Oh, gross. Whatever that move is. Here it comes. Oh my god. I think she thinks she looks good doing that. I don't think that looks good. ABBY LEE MILLER: Come on. Point those feet. This is going to be a tough duet for Nia this week. Not only does she have to match Asia's facial expressions and her energy, there's an extremely difficult lift in the middle of the dance. Asia, although a small girl, she's muscular and she's no lightweight. Usually, it's Chloe and Maddie, they compete against each other. Asia and Kenzie, they're not competing against each other. They're competing against each other for a spot on "The View," so yeah, they are competing against each other. I'm really torn who I think should dance in the group dance on "The View." I mean, it's not fair to the group to have them practice with Asia and then at the last second throw in Mackenzie. Is Mackenzie, is she feeling resentful to Asia? No. Oh, and now Asia is a bully. Is Asia being a bully? No. I want them to resolve this on their own. OK, but I would like to know how my child's being a bully. She dropped a block on Mackenzie, dropped a block on her foot on purpose. I'm like, why would a kid drop a block on her? No, Asia told me that because she knew that's how it would be relayed. She said Kenzie was walking by. When it dropped, when she was picking it up, it didn't drop on Kenzie's foot. It hit the side of her foot. I can say a lot of things about Asia. I really don't think one of them would be that she's a bully. I just think Melissa is trying to think of any excuse to make Asia look bad. My child will not pick up a block and just throw it on someone's foot. Well, I wouldn't think that. Next. Melissa's being passive aggressive about the "bully" comment. I don't know what she's doing, but it makes no sense. I'm not going to argue with stupid. I got to ask you something. Asia came up to me and said the girls told her she's out of the show on "The View" instead of Abby telling her. Abby said Mackenzie was on "The View." OK, well, I wish there was not this whole charade about her rehearsing it and then now not in it. Things change all the time, Kristie. I think it's safe to say that Kristie Ray has two sides. She has the, "I'm so perfect dance mom" side, and then she has the, "I'm a stage mom bitch." It's not about Asia not being in the group. It's about this whole charade. - Don't let her rehearse. - What charade? The charade about the foot. What is wrong with the foot? There's nothing wrong with it now. It's fine. OK, then what's the charade? Compete. She want's to- She was crying. Get it X-rayed and a doctor's note, with a real doctor's note, with an X-ray with the written, instead of bringing the note and saying two weeks rest. I mean, it gets kind of ridiculous. JILL: We're here at the Energy Dance Competition in Youngstown, Ohio, and there are a lot of amazing dancers here. The skill level is set really, really high, so we have to be on our game. We have to be focused. And we have to win. I cannot believe that we are in Youngstown, Ohio, and there's no applesauce. Thank God Kathy is not coming. This is the best news I've heard all week. Whoa, whoa, Mackenzie. What are you doing? This is hard cement. I need you to get a shoe on. This is the end of two weeks. Like the doctor originally said, the doctor with the iPhone that can see through the phone to your foot and touch it and feel it. Abby still hasn't decided who will be dancing on "The View" yet, whether it's Mackenzie or Asia, but if Melissa wants Mackenzie to dance, she would be wise to tell her to sit down and stay off her foot. Shoulders even. The right arm's as high as the left. When the girls are rehearsing in the green room, I think that Maddie is watching Chloe dance. And I think that Maddie knows that Chloe is dancing extremely well today, and I think she feels a little nervous that Chloe might be real competition. Nail that. Use the plié. Glide through fourth, up to relevé. Think about all those things you're doing wrong. Today, it's anybody's game. Chloe can step out on stage and beat Maddie any day, anytime, anywhere. That's what this game is all about. That's why it's called competition. Where are Asia and Nia? Oh my god. I love that. Shangela would be proud. Can we see the drag walk now? I'm really excited Nia and Asia have this duet this week. They look really great together. But this is the first time they had a duet, and so I know they're going to need to run it a few times before they go on stage. All right, let's go, let's go. They're not going on. The duo's not going on. Not yet. We've got to get moving. - But we'll come back to the duet? - Yes. 'Cause I didn't have a chance to get pins. Like they're not finished getting dressed. Maddie and Chloe's solos are coming up next, and we're all rushing to try to get out of the room, but we haven't run Nia and Asia's duet yet, and I'm getting really nervous. Before I go on stage for my solo, I'm just a little, tiny bit nervous, but I just want to go out there and show to Miss Abby that I can do it. ANNOUNCER: Our next entry is entry number 27, Chloe, performing to "About Mother." [MUSIC - CLAIRE HAYEK, "WHAT ABOUT "] Mother, tell me, Mother. How to silence my mind? Show me, show me, Mother, how to, follow the signs. 'Cause you see right through me and you can heal my pain. What about the air we breathe? All the pain we feel? What about you and me? What about? What about green and the blue, all that we've been through? What about you and me? What about? I think Chloe should be really proud of herself because I think it would be so hard to hear just negative things all the time and go out there and rise to the occasion and dance your heart out. So I give her a lot of credit for this dance today because I think she looks amazing. There's always pressure on Maddie. I mean, there's pressure on all the kids. But you know, she wants to please Miss Abby. ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen, our next entry is number 30, Maddie performing to "They'll Never Change." [MUSIC - TATIANA MOROZ, "THEY'LL NEVER CHANGE"] Another day, another way to get thrown out of home. But does it really matter what we say or who started it all? No, they'll never change, even if we want them to. They'll never change. I don't want to disappoint, but really what's the point when we're not getting very much love at all. I'm not getting very much love at all. They'll never change. I think Maddie's beautiful on stage and it was flawless. ANNOUNCER: All right, our next entry is number 44, "Move You Too." All of a sudden I hear the competition announce that the duet is up next, and there was supposed to be 14 numbers between Asia and Nia's duet and Maddie's solo. Asia and Nia never had a chance to rehearse a duet. They didn't run the duet. I think they ran it backstage. No, they did not. In this duet, Nia has an extremely difficult lift with Asia where she picks her up over her head. She hasn't even had a chance to practice it. They haven't even stretched. They are totally unprepared. The competition skipped ahead to the duet and the girls are totally unprepared. They are totally caught off guard, and there's this extremely difficult lift in the middle of the dance. We didn't even warm up or anything. We didn't practice at all, and that's not fair to Asia and I. ANNOUNCER: Our next entry is number 44, "Move You Too." 1, 2, 1, 2, 3, get funky. I've got something to tell you and I think ought to know. It's time to get down to business. Come on, ready, set, go. 'Cause we grinding. No, not yet. We putting out the show. You think you know, but you have no idea me and the band, we about to make you feel something so, so unreal. We are the real deal. Whoo. Y'all ready to have some fun and let everything else go? Ha. I like that. Me, too. Now let me show you how we do it, do it, do it. Way to go, girls. The duet ended up looking pretty good. Was it their best? No, but Nia was able to lift Asia with no difficulty, so I'm pretty happy with that. What I'm not happy with is with Abby. She was reckless and she totally was unprepared in rehearsing those girls before they went on stage. Holly and Christi are really upset right now because Abby was so busy having them do their drag queen walks that she forgot to have them run the dance. I think they did a nice job. I think they could have been better prepared. - They weren't stretched. They weren't stretched. I could tell they weren't stretched. Being in a costume does not mean that you're ready to perform. I agree. There was time for the girls to rehearse and she didn't use that time. Hey, hey, hey, hey. What? Who told the girls to go on if there were like 14 numbers? What? They never practiced in their costume like everybody else. They didn't even run anything. They didn't even stretch. Most importantly, they weren't warmed up. Regardless, the ability to adapt quickly to change, that's- they need to be on that. Because when your kid goes to an audition, they could be number 185, and 183 and 184 dropped out and your kid's saying, well, wait a minute. I have six more minutes before I step out there to do my audition. No, you don't. When you're in an audition, you just need to be ready, and that's a fact. I was worried about the lift. The lift was great. They practiced the lift backstage. What else did they do that required all this warm up? A roundoff back handspring. Well, a back handspring, since you know everything, Dr. Holly, is done with a straight back. But it's not funny or cute to throw a kid on stage and them not be warmed up. Once again, Abby deflects the blame and turns this all into a lesson about being prepared. Regardless, this lesson could have been disastrous. Abby is lucky the duet performed as well as they did. ABBY LEE MILLER: One more time, this is it. Passion. Intensity. The group dance is up next. Abby's bold experiment of taking Maddie out of the group number and using her as an assistant is about to play out in front of all of us. I just hope that this experiment doesn't blow up in front of all of our faces. Maddie is going to go backstage with you. Listen to her. All right, game faces on. Let's go. Maddie, if they don't do well, I'm going to need a new assistant. It's going to be a challenge for the girls to dance without Maddie. This is a lesson. This is to say, girls, you need to be together. You need to be on your A game, and you're not. How are we walking on? I think Abby puts all of her eggs in one basket and she depends on Maddie. And I think that this is their time to go out and show Abby that we can do this without Maddie. We don't need her. ANNOUNCER: All righty, our last dance for the day is entry number 57, "Hear No Evil." [MUSIC - WE THE COMMITTEE, "THIS WON'T END QUIETLY"] Fighter, fighter. You told me we were fighters, fighters. Let the night get away to something better than here. Let the night get away. Fighter, fighter. You told me we were fighters, fighters. This won't end quietly. This will be beautiful, my love. I think I've accomplished my goal. The girls learned to survive without Maddie. All right, our Energy Junior Solos Division. In third place, "Titanium." There is one point separating first and second. In second place, Chloe performing to "About Mother." And our top overall Energy Junior Solo is Maddie, "Maybe They'll Change." Now Chloe is second only by one point. Maddie, Melissa, you better wake up. Chloe has learned her lesson, and she is hot on your trail. We have our top Overall Energy Petite Duet Trio. In third place, "On Broadway." In second place, "Follow the Leader." And our top Overall Energy Petite Duet Trio, "Move You Too." I'm so proud of Nia. The duet came in first place and they didn't run the dance once. They adapted to the situation and they persevered, and I hope this shows Abby that Nia can tackle any situation that comes her way. Our Power Petite Small Group top award goes to entry number 33, "Runaway Babies." Our Energy Junior Small Group top overall winner goes to "Hear No Evil." I'm thrilled. The girls learned not to rely on Maddie. Now, if they can learn not to rely on their mothers and think for themselves, I might have a whole new team on my hands. Congratulations. Congratulations to everybody. Everybody did well. I think you got lucky. I think it's hysterical that the group dance got first place. I just would like to rub it into Abby's nose that, see, our girls can dance without Melissa's kids in it and still do well. In the clothes that you're on right now, I'd like you to run "The Last Text" since we're doing it next week. I want to see if I want to make any changes. We are going to New York City next week, and we're going to be on "The View" doing "The Last Text." So I need these kids to run that number at every opportunity. I need to look at this routine, and I need to look at it now. Sickle feet. You do that, I will literally grab that hand and drag you off the stage. Is it clear that she's going to be on "The View," or should I-- - You never know. - Asia's been running the dance. She's been rehearsing. She knows the part. So at this point, I think Asia should be on "The View." Does that mean Asia's doing "The Last Text?" Mackenzie's definitely bummed. She wants to dance. She wants to dance in the worst way. We'll see. ABBY LEE MILLER : Next on "Dance Moms." Here we are, New York City. Oh. What do I have to do to get Mackenzie to dance again? I really think that she needs to go on "The View." We are holding an open audition for a contemporary dancer. I danced with Mariah Carey. Wow. Who's going to be in the dance? I'm not sure yet. I have to fight for my daughter. Let it die. This is my decision.
