ABBY : Previously on "Dance Moms"-- We only have one more week before nationals. "Dance Spirit Magazine" contacted me. KELLY: Oh, no! CHRISTI: Oh, Oh. Oh. You should be representing the Abby Lee Dance Company. Don't let me down this week. Nationals-- will you be the one chosen to perform or will you be the one sitting in the audience? Let her run her number, Abby! Then pick on her! Stop! ABBY: Girls, one week until nationals. You know what it's going to be like if the Abby Lee Dance Company loses? ABBY : Coming up on "Dance Moms"-- We are here in New Orleans to win at nationals. The Wicked Witch of the West is here to beat you. CATHY: I got the creme de la creme. This is Blake McGrath. MELISSA: Just dance! Improv! Sit if you don't want to dance. MACKENZIE: No, I want to dance! - Then dance! - You know what? I'm not playing this stupid game that you guys like to play with the manipulation. - --drink. - Oh, whatever! - You better settle it down. Bitch! CATHY: Yeah. Nationals-- a whole new vibe. ABBY: There's no better revenge than victory. Get up. Get on the floor. My world is with my girls, living on the dance floor. ABBY: Come on, girls. Let's go. Move it along. Get in here. ABBY: Here we are in New Orleans, Louisiana-- --filled with history. You guys are here to dance and you're here to win. This week we are the nationals. We've worked all season for this. This is when we're going to see the Abby Lee Dance Company still has what it takes to be reigning National Champions. I'm going to get started on the pyramid. First we have Paige. I told you to put your knees on your chest and hit the tuck set in higher. You didn't do that on stage. Nia, you work hard. You were strong in your partner work. But what happens to your feet on the side aerial? What happens to your knees on those turns in second? And next, Brooke. You go out on stage, headpiece falls off. Your mother swore she had it in. I believe her. And next, Kendall. You have some great attributes. Abby, they were the highest score of the day of duets. - Right. - She-- the duet is two people. Why would she be on the bottom of the pyramid? Kendall, maybe your mother should keep your mouth shut. And next we have Payton. Welcome to the team. For this week, Leslie. Why Payton? She wants to be part of this team. And she's going to do everything she can to help us win. Moving on-- Chloe. You know that you were a better dancer two years ago. CHRISTI: Chloe is Abby's reigning National Champion. And if she can't see that Chloe just wants to please her, that's Abby's problem. And next, Asia. Asia, I thought you did a great dance in the duet, as the doll. In the group routine I thought you were a hot mess. And next, Mackenzie. You won the overall high score in the mini division and you fell on your head and ruined the whole line in the group dance. Aw. And at the top, Maddie. Overall high score on the duet, it was excellent. Thank you. I feel that you could have done it as a solo. Girls, we are here in New Orleans to win at nationals. The Wicked Witch of the West is here to beat you. JILL: The last thing we need is for Cathy to be at nationals. Every time we see her bad things happen. You are all in the group routine at nationals. We will be performing a tribute to the hurricane victims. Eight years ago, Hurricane Katrina devastated this city. Now my soloists-- to be fair, everyone will be learning a solo for nationals. Brooke, you and Payton will be learning the same choreography. I'm excited that Payton has an opportunity to do a solo this week up against Brooke. My daughter's a star and she can beat Brooke. Chloe and Kendall, you will be learning the same choreography. CHRISTI: I'm not really sure why Jill is looking so smug. She thinks that Kendall is going to beat Chloe out for this solo at nationals. Chloe is the reigning National Champion. She beat Maddie last year. I'm pretty sure that she can take on Kendall. Asia, you should be the automatic shoo-in. But last week you made some mistakes. Mackenzie, your solo won the overall. Both of you will be learning the same choreography. MELISSA: Mackenzie has better technique, but she doesn't perform the same way Asia does. So Asia will probably be the one that is picked. Nia, Paige, you will be learning the same choreography. Maddie, I'm throwing you in there, too. HOLLY: I just want Nia to have a fair chance. But once I heard Maddie's name, I knew it wasn't going to be a level playing field. This is nationals. So if you're gonna be here and you're gonna be on this team, you are going to be the absolute best that you can be. Spread apart. Grand plié in second. JILL: I love that every single kid in there gets to learn a solo this week. CHRISTI: I wouldn't-- But the problem with that is-- is that-- CHRISTI: I wouldn't be so sure that Kendall is going to get the solo. --half of these girls are learning a solo, and wasting practice time on a solo that they're not going to do. You're telling the story of this horrible devastation, this Hurricane Katrina coming in and leveling everything. Five, six, seven, and-- This piece, called "Home Again," was specifically written for the Abby Lee Dance Company. And the choreography is beautiful. We have a lot of work to do if we're going to pull this one off. Chloe, point your feet. We have a lot of pressures because Candy Apple is here. Cathy brings these kids in from all over the place. And money is no object, so she hires all these amazing choreographers. I don't know what's going to happen. Who is choreographing for them now? That's the question. LESLIE: It doesn't matter. - You have to have good dancers. - Choreography matters. Who you know matters. CATHY: So, guys, New Orleans-- we're at nationals, which is, you know, pretty much the end of the dance season. Last time that we all met and we went to competition, it wasn't so hot. ANNOUNCER 1: Your first runner up is act number 39, "Phoenix Rising." We had Anthony, our choreographer, decide that he was going to play big time diva and leave. So I went out and I got the creme de la creme. This is Blake McGrath. And if you don't know who he is-- --you need to. BLAKE: Cathy called me and she was like. This is nationals. We want a big choreographer. I've performed, choreographed and danced with everybody from Madonna, Janet Jackson, Britney Spears. I feel actually called the right person. We've worked together now as a team. We should not have to go back and fall on, well, we're not gelling yet. So, moms, you're not going to be able to use that. I can only go back to the importance of nationals. I can only go back to the importance of knowing that you're representing Candy Apples Dance Center, and you should have your jacket on at all times. Don't you want people to know who you represent? OK. You get that jacket and you sleep with that jacket like it's your blankie. OK? Do it like-- we'll figure it out. Back. The group number is called "Voodoo," and it's a hard number. It's like, I would give this to a senior company somewhere, and I'm throwing this at juniors that have never, ever done my style before. So it's going to be really, really challenging for them. CATHY: Like, are they pliéing down to the rond de jambe or are they staying up in relevé out of their turn? Your plié pop, plié pop, one more plié to window there. - OK, but out of your triple-- - Uh-huh. --are you staying in relevé or are you pliéing to rond de jambe? - I would love it-- CATHY: Staying up in relevé. - --staying up on relevé. CATHY: Yeah. But if we need to plié pop, I'm not mad at it. OK. MELISSA: So, Leslie, how are you-- are you excited about Payton? I know you want Payton to have a solo. - You wanted it for-- - I do. CHRISTI: Things are insane here right now. It is the week of nationals. We're competing against Cathy, and Abby won't even tell us who our soloists are. I have to say, if she's only giving out X many of solos, I find it wrong that she would give one of those solo spots to Payton, who's not even really a member on the team. Can I tell you something? I-- I think it's official that we are on the team. - You're missing my point. - Let me reword this, then. I don't give a crap if I'm on your team or I'm not on your team. We're here. - We know. And if she has a chance to do a solo, let her do a solo. KRISTIE: I'm totally over the complaining on their daughter deserves the solo, their daughter over here deserves it more. Abby should pick the people that are going to win in nationals for her, period. She just bought all of you! ABBY: I'm not sure who's going to get the solo. And I warned them, this is nationals, I will cut the weakest link like that. This is called "Dance Doctor." You are going to make it all better on the dance floor. Listen to the music. I'm going to give you a chance to just kind of improv and feel it because it's tough. I have Mackenzie and Asia in here, both improving. I want them to feel the music. I want to see what they hear. MELISSA: Come on, Kenz. Dance. Just dance! Asia's won seven times as soloist with Abby. Abby likes to win. It would be a no-brainer to put Asia at the nationals. Then sit, Kenzie. If you want to dance, then sit. Then dance! Just dance! Improv! Sit if you don't want to dance. MACKENZIE: No! I want to dance. Then dance! That's ridiculous. Improv! You do it at home all the time! You're adorable! Just do it! ABBY: Melissa saw firsthand that Mackenzie doesn't have it. She can't improv on the spot. Right. Dance. What happens when I send you to an audition in LA for some little kid commercial or something and they say improv? You're going to make me look like a fool! MELISSA: You're fabulous, Kenzie. You're just not Asia. ABBY: But right now, put on the spot, you failed. You got it. good. Five, six, seven, eight and-- today it's going to be a busy day. I'm deciding who's going to do a solo at nationals. Every girl needs to give me 110%. They need to understand that every second they're on the dance floor, I'm judging them. A one, two, three-- two, two, three-- JILL: As I'm watching the performance, I know what Abby has given Kendall in the past-- a lot of jazz solos. This choreography is geared more towards Chloe. ABBY: Ball change. Move, move, plié, hold, hold. CHRISTI: Chloe was last year's National Champion. And even though she hasn't had the best dance season, I really think that she deserves the chance to defend her national title. ABBY: Five, push, around, step, pose. Done! Out the door! En dehor, out the door! Let's go! Hurry up, Payton, Brooke, now! Brooke and Payton are the oldest dancers here, and they got the least amount of time. I had to throw this choreography at them. OK. Plié, piqué, plié. One, two, three, four-- KELLY: Brooke and Payton competing for a solo, I really think it's funny. First of all, Brooke is a team member. Payton is not. Brooke is the reigning national title holder, which Payton is not. ABBY: I just think you're a little fast. I think you're rushing. There needs to be those stops in it. LESLIE: Payton deserves to get this solo. She has shown her dedication, her time. She should get as much opportunity as the rest of these girls. She's on the team. We're here. Go grab a drink. Breathe. And give me Maddie, Paige and Nia. OK. So you going to tell us tomorrow who's getting the solo? Yes. You're welcome, sweetheart. Amazing grace-- KELLY: Abby's taking three solos to nationals, and she's having the girls compete for it. I'm going to know just from the music, from the style of the dance, who it's going to be for. You can't take Paige's choreography and Maddie's choreography and say they're the same. That was that sous-sous thing. All right. HOLLY: Nia needs to compete for a solo with Maddie and Paige. It doesn't take a doctor to figure out how that's going to end up. ABBY: Don't rush! MELISSA: I know that Maddie is a lock this week. It's-- it's obvious. But I think that Abby is just having other girls dance with her, which I think is a fabulous opportunity. It lets the other kids dance. JILL: They're spending a lot of time on this solo. CHRISTI: Oh, my god, Jill. - Just saying. Because this is the dance she cares about, this one. - Because it's Maddie. - Maddie. I think Abby cares more about Maddie regaining her national title-- because she's still better than Chloe beat Maddie last year-- more so than even the group number. I really-- - Do you really feel that way? Yes, because she-- She's had so many wins since nationals. I think you still have that in your head. No, no. She said it to-- Leslie-- You're not going to let that ever die-- JILL: Leslie, I agree with Christie. LESLIE: --that your daughter beat Maddie. CHRISTI: If the group was really first, would she be spending an hour and a half working on Maddie's solo? No! Clearly, that's what she cares about. LESLIE: So you're saying, eventually, I will see the light. Abby isn't fooling anyone with the whole Maddie, Nia, Paige, like, solo focus session. We know it's Maddie's solo, and it's obvious to everyone in the room. I know that dance-- there's no chance in hell that Paige will get that. Or Nia. LESLIE: So you think Maddie's definitely getting this solo, then? I-- I don't-- I don't definitely know anything. JILL: You do. MELISSA: But I'm just saying-- LESLIE: While you were in there, Christi said that her Chloe was definitely not going to get the solo. CHRISTI: No. You're twisting my words. That's not what I said. - I'm not twisting-- she said it. - I said-- no. Kristie and Jill, did I say that today? JILL: I don't think she did. - I said Abby can't get over it. She's still bitter about it, and that the dance in there, when they were working on it, that solo, is the dance she cared about. LESLIE: I feel-- CHRISTI: No, no. LESLIE: --that Chloe gets every single opportunity-- No. I said the dance-- --that Maddie gets back there. Can I finish a sentence? I said the dance she cared about was Maddie's solo. You said this dance means more than the group back there because it's about Maddie. CHRISTI: Yes. And you're always harping on that it's always about Maddie. CHRISTI: It is. I feel that your daughter gets just as much opportunity as Maddie, and you're always beating in everybody's brains. And, you know what? Payton would love to have the opportunity that your daughter gets. Your daughter is not always the victim. You might cry it all the time. She's not always the victim. - Don't go there, you. LESLIE: I'm going there. And you know what? Every time somebody calls you out on something-- Get your finger away. --you always say don't go there. I'm going there. CHRISTI: Everyone is so stressed out with this whole competing against each other for solos at nationals. I think the moms need a girls night out. We need to go have a cocktail and let off some steam in the French Quarter. - New Orleans! - Whoo! JILL: No, to winning nationals! HOLLY: Here, here! No. I'm going to go to the French Quarter and Bourbon Street! To nationals, to Bourbon Street, to a good night. The stakes are high and we will win. What are you going to do with that? What is that? - A voodoo doll? HOLLY: What do you use it for? You can either, like, do good things with it or bad. Now this is Cathy's team, so I'm assuming we're going to do bad. Now, that's Yvette. That's Cathy, the fat bottom girl. I'm getting her right in the ass. Jill! Did you stick a pin in her ass? - She has nasty ass! - I might have the wrong Yvette doll. KELLY: Who do we think this one is? - Let's look at it from a side view. - It's Abby! Abby! - Side view-- who do we think this one is? - Oh, that one's-- JILL: We have two fat bottom girls. CHRISTI: That's fat Abby! MELISSA: I think you should throw her over. Wait a minute! It's Abby! Anybody have any beads? LESLIE: You got to show your boobs to get beads. CHRISTI: Go ahead. Go ahead. - Oh, no! As your friend, I don't recommend that, either. CHRISTI: I double dog dare you. Ooh, did this hurt? - Cathy, don't do it! MELISSA: Here. Let's throw Abby over. CHRISTI: Abby! KRISTIE: OK, moms, put down your cocktails. I just want to let you know Asia will be officially done with being a competitive dancer on a team. KELLY: Oh, good for her. KRISTIE: She's moving on. CHRISTI: Why? KRISTIE: She's just not going to-- the opportunity she has, just not going to be with a team or competing as a competitive dancer. Asia's been offered amazing opportunities back in LA, and I would be dumb not to take them. And I think her days here at ALDC are finished. So this weekend will be her last competition in her life? Yeah. Oh, I-- HOLLY: Wow. And at such a young age. Well, congratulations. So that means move over, I'm moving in. I'm shocked that Asia and Kristie are leaving. But what I'm more shocked about is that Leslie thinks that by Kristie leaving that opens the door for her to take her spot on the team. KRISTIE: I need another drink, so I'm going to meet you guys down there with my Yvette. MELISSA: Yvette! JILL: Drinks are flowing. You know, we have one or two, but Christi has been drinking all day and Leslie has been drinking all night. LESLIE: Christi is so full of herself. She needs to just shut up and be grateful for what Abby does for her and her child. CHRISTI: Sorry. I'm a real dance mom and I will stand here-- - Why are you yelling at us? - I'm not! We didn't do anything. You're yelling at-- - I'm talking to my friends! - And you're yelling at her. - Shush! - You had too much to drink. - Oh, whatever. - You better settle it down. Bitch! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! - bitch! - Stop! - I'll kick your ass. - Stop! Stop! Sorry. I'm sorry. Don't hit me! So what all happened with you and Leslie last night? Leslie has a way of getting in your face. And Leslie started screaming you're a drunk, and you didn't take it. And then Leslie snapped and wanted to beat the out of you. KRISTIE: Let's not candy coat it, and let's tell what really happened. Because this is . You know it is. OK? And Leslie's not here to defend herself. - This has nothing to do with you. - No. But I'm pissed off when people try to tell a different story when someone's not here to defend themselves. And this story, right here, is not how it happened. You got in her face first. You can say all you want with words. But when you directly start it, you better be able to back up for . - She called me a drunk! - Control yourself! CHRISTI: All right. Well, you-- you have spoken. You know what? I'm not playing this stupid game that you guys like to play with the manipulation. You need to settle yourself down. No, I don't, because I hate liars. MELISSA: We don't like to curse. - Really? You guys all do except Holly. So don't start acting like you're on this high roll, that you don't curse. MELISSA: No, we really don't. She's a liar, and you guys are all backing up the lie. Kristie Ray is a fighter just like Leslie is. And it was a no-brainer that she's on her side. - I was physically assaulted. - You know what? You're lucky that it was Leslie. You are lucky. Because if you were anywhere else-- CHRISTI: What? Are you threatening me, too? I'm at the point right now I just can't take them anymore. I've dealt with a lot of women in my life, and these moms-- I don't know how much more that I can last. Maybe a minute. I'm done. You guys can play the game. I don't have to. I'm not jeopardizing my daughter's career for this . Done. CHRISTI: Oh, my god. Like, thank god Kristie is leaving, because clearly she's crazy. Hello. You are? KRISTIE: I can't deal with the-- the lies anymore. So I decided I'm-- I'm going to go. I'm-- Right before nationals? I am very upset. Asia is a shoo-in to win that Mini Division at nationals. KRISTIE: Asia is probably going to be heartbroken because she wants to be in the group. But from the incident last night to this morning, I just-- What incident last night? There was a confrontation between Leslie and Christi. I just-- I'm just not going to sit here and play the game with them. I'd rather just go and do what we need to do, and take her. Well, I'm heartbroken and you're killing me that you're taking her away. Because we had a good run and she's leaving undefeated. Well, I feel bad. Are you-- are you going to tell her or am I going to tell her? We can both go in there. I mean-- ABBY: Girls, I have an announcement to make. It is with great sadness, Asia has to cut her trip short and not participate in our national finals. Saying goodbye to a superstar. Don't make me cry. Bye. ABBY: How could two mothers representing the Abby Lee Dance Company go out in the middle of Bourbon Street and get into a scuffle with each other? Well, well, well. Had a rough morning already. You're succeeded in driving yet another dancer away from the Abby Lee Dance Company. CHRISTI: We were out. It was nothing to do with you or the Abby Lee Dance Company or the kids. ABBY: You are all here because the Abby Lee Dance Company is attending a national finals. To say the least, it was unsportsmanlike behavior. Christi, you're out. Chloe is gone for this week. Leslie, you have to take Payton home. You're gone. Hot damn. KELLY: Here it is the day before nationals and we're down three kids. I don't understand why Abby couldn't have just left the kids in the dance and made the moms leave. We are back to square one, to the drawing board. OK? So we need everybody's brains together. We can't dwell on the past. We need to move forward. Things happen for a reason. I would rather take a loss at the national competition than to let these two women stay here one more minute. And now I am down three dancers with 24 hours to go before nationals. CATHY: OK. So we have to get down to business. This is our last day. Nationals are tomorrow. So, guys, let's get up. Let's do the group dance. It's going to be amazing. OK? Let's work some magic! Our group number this week is "Voodoo." I like dark, mysterious things. And we're in New Orleans, so what-- what an appropriate number to do but, you know, mystic magic voodoo. Big line, ha. Good. That's going chest-- turn this way. Hey, Blake, I don't want to step on your toes. BLAKE: Yes. Please. - I just have a question. Do you think it would look better for-- for continuity and visualness if Zack was the very first one? Switch spots once with her. Or is there some way-- BLAKE: Yeah. --that you could put him in the-- in the middle? Lucas, can you grow? - Can you grow today? - How about some "Drink Me" juice? Obviously, there's always work to be done. Blake and I are just literally nit picking right now, making things sharper. But I'm happy with the way our group dance looks. Abby can't compete with this. BLAKE: Very good. Not-- not bad for our first time through. ABBY: Today has been quite interesting. Sometimes when adults are out and they're in adult places, things happen. You came here to attend a national competition. I am very, very upset that these women chose to do this at our nationals. All right. Let's see what we have. There is no time for rest. I have to re-block the entire group number. No, it's-- no, it's not over. ABBY: A footed! Yes. We are down three team members. We have to pull out a win. You have a solo tomorrow. Last year you didn't win that national title. I think you should have. Kendall, Chloe's absence means you get the solo. You have an opportunity. Don't throw it away. Brooke, I'm not having you do the solo that you and Payton worked on. You held your national title all year. I'm not even going to mess with that. OK? KELLY: With Payton not being here, Abby said she is eliminating Brooke's solo. But I knew from the second that I heard that music that that solo wasn't meant for Brooke. ABBY: Mackenzie, you have a solo tomorrow. MELISSA: I just feel relief. Asia's gone. I think it's going to help Mackenzie relax more, and Mackenzie deserves a solo at nationals. ABBY: Tomorrow we are walking into a competition down three members of the Abby Lee Dance Company. And nothing is going to stop us from reaching our goals. ABBY: This week we are at nationals. We've worked all season for this. This is the big trip, and we're in New Orleans. This is when we're going to see if the Abby Lee Dance Company still has what it takes to be reigning national champions. I want you to know that you are here, at nationals. This is it. This is what it has been all about. Those kids on that team want to beat you. I came to nationals in New Orleans, Louisiana to win. We are here to take home the big top prizes. We are doing a tribute to Hurricane Katrina. I want to see energy. I want to see divas. I want to see people that are strong enough to move on and get on that stage and be 10 times better dancers than you've ever been before. There is no better revenge than victory. CATHY: Listen. Did anybody do a head count when Abby's group walked in? WOMAN: Yeah. There was some missing. CATHY: No Kristie Ray, no Christi-- and, of course, Leslie. And I did not see anybody new walking in. So maybe-- maybe we're on an even keel. WOMAN: It felt very peaceful. CATHY: Yeah. Nationals-- a whole new vibe. What do you guys think? WOMAN: Winning. CATHY: Heading into nationals, I'm feeling like we are absolutely bringing our best foot forward. Everybody seems to be very excited about what the outcome could be. We're going to give ALDC a run for their money. Let's go. Come on. - Woo! - Come on. Mackenzie, this is it! I've got to say, if Asia was here Asia would win. We need your score. - You need to be up there. Got it? - Yes. Straighten the legs, point the feet, watch the foot on the split, and don't forget your dance or you, little saint, can go marching right on out here. Ready? Let's go, people. HOLLY: Break a leg. JILL: This is your-- this is your nationals. ABBY: All right. HOLLY: Out you go with the rest of the girls. Let's go, guys. ABBY: Let's do it. OK. So what I want you to do is go back there and do what you were taught to do. You find the middle of that stage. She just stopped. - Now I can't move again. - Oh, my gosh. Coaching? - Move. OK? - Coaching while at competition? - Yes, I'm coaching my daughter. - Daughter? Coaching your daughter? How did that happen? - I didn't know Abby had a baby. - Immaculate conception? I share my daughters with her. No. She has no daughter. JILL: This is your time, baby. MELISSA: Do it for your moms! ANNOUNCER 1: Next to the stage is number 28. This is a Mini Open Solo. Please welcome "Dance Doctor." MELISSA: Mackenzie totally wants to prove to Abby that she can compete head-to-head with Asia. It wouldn't mean so much to Mackenzie to win a national title two years in a row. Code blue. It's clear that we have an emergency. The music's pumping loud but you can't feel the beat. You need some medical attention now from me. Don't flatline tonight. I got what you need to get your blood pumping. I'll get your feet jumping. I'll get your heart thumping. I'll get you bump-bumping, bump-bumping, bump, bump. I'll be your dance, dance doctor. Dance, dance doctor, dance. You'll feel lucky, lucky, lucky, that I got you in my hands. I'll be your dance, dance, dance doctor. Dance, dance doctor. Dance, dance doctor, dance. MELISSA: Mackenzie comes out on stage, and I have to tell you, she couldn't have done anything better. JILL: I want Kendall to win to prove to Abby that she can do this. I can tell when she's having a good day. And we are going to take nationals. I can feel it. ANNOUNCER 1: Next to the stage will be act number 37. This is a Junior Musical Theater Solo. Please welcome Kendall performing "Voodoo Doll." JILL: Here we go, baby! You got this! Have you ever had the feeling somebody is watching you? An uncontrollable feeling-- nothing's as usual. Voodoo you. Take it, Kendall! When Kendall walked off that stage, that was a personal best for that kid. Good job, Kendall! ANNOUNCER 1: And next to the stage is act number 32. This is a Junior Lyrical Solo. Please welcome Maddie performing "Amazing Grace." Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me. I once was lost but now I'm found, was blind but now I see. ABBY: Maddie's performance was breathtaking. She was an angel on that stage. She didn't let anybody down. Mainly, herself. ABBY: You were so good! You were so good! You should have heard them behind me-- silence. CATHY: You know, guys, this is nationals. This is big. We need to go out and we need to take all of that to the stage. It has to be magic when you guys get there. We have to win. CATHY: Nationals is really important to end your damn season with a bang. So it's crucial this week that we win. I think with this new and improved team, it's going to happen. ANNOUNCER 1: And next to the stage is act number 93. This is a Junior Contemporary Small Group. Make some noise for "Voodoo." CATHY: I really enjoyed the group number. The costumes were perfect. They looked like rag doll voodoo dolls. The kids looked good. ANNOUNCER 1: And next to the stage is act number 91. This is a Junior Contemporary Small Group. Make some noise for "Home Again." Standing here out in the cold, searching for a sign of hope. Life was simple. We once had it all. No, it's-- no, it's not over. I need a shoulder to carry on until I am home again. Won't be-- won't be much longer, for I'm much stronger, 'til this place feels just like my home again. Standing here out in the cold, searching for a sign of hope. I think I found my place. Now I am home again. ABBY: We lost three of our team members right here in New Orleans, right before nationals. They came out strong. They looked gorgeous in the costumes. And I think that number was the best they could have done it. Oh, lord, I want to be in that number when the saints go marching in. ANNOUNCER 2: OK. Starting with the Elite Mini Soloist Division of competition-- in third place, Ali, act number four, "Finally Home." Your first runner-up is Miss Mackenzie with act 28, "Doctor Beat." MELISSA: Kenzie came in second place. I was shocked, but I'm proud of her. The girl that beat her was fabulous. ANNOUNCER 2: Moving on to our Elite Junior Soloists-- Kendall, with act number 37, "Voodoo Doll." Yeah, Kendall! JILL: Kendall is a winner. She killed it. She took Chloe's solo, made it her own, and came in first runner up. I'll take it any day. And your highest scoring Elite Junior Soloist, Maddie, act number 32, "Amazing Grace." MELISSA: Maddie got her national title, and she wanted that so bad. You know, next year we have to win again. That's what she expects, and that's what we'll do. Moving onto our Elite Junior Small Groups-- ABBY: Here we go. This is it. If we don't win this group number, we're going to have to walk out of here with our tail between our legs. I am literally shaking. My heart is beating a million miles per minute. In third place, act number 67, "When She Came Back." In second place, act number 93, "Voodoo," from Candy Apples Dance Center. And your highest scoring Elite Junior Small Group is act number 91. - Abby Lee Dance Company! ABBY: We did it. We won. The Abby Lee Dance Company was named the Overall High Score Winning Junior Group. It was like this weight was lifted from my shoulders. Winner, winner, chicken dinner! CATHY: I have no idea what the future holds. I guess it's back to the drawing table. It was beautiful! That is mammoth! - Oh, my goodness. - I want this! Congratulations. This was very, very, very, very, very much earned. Maddie, congratulations. I think this was an honor that has been deserved all year. You've improved. You are a team player. Kendall, nipping at Maddie's heels! Doesn't it feel good to give a great performance? - Yes. Now what about you? You didn't win. We would have had a clean sweep. You know, Mrs. Miller is not well. I'm glad that we ended our season overall National Champions. I mean, that's what you worked for. And since Mrs. Miller isn't well, I don't know what the future holds. And I don't know if I'll be able to do this again. We have to wait and see. MAN: Coming up, season three's "Dance Moms" reunion show, Hurricane Abby. - Yes! KELLY: You still think I'm 12. I'm 42. I'm paying you for a service. Christi, you're not the victim. You're the one who had the bruise from punching me. KRISTIE: Asia's won seven times for Abby. So get that straight before you talk and run your mouth. What she said. You owe an apology to that child. - Because if you want to come-- LESLIE: But you can get off of it. No, no. Wait a minute. She can sit there-- - Thank you. KELLY: --and say I should be-- Thank you because I'm going to dinner.
