NARRATOR: Coming up, juicy gossip-- The fan sites are all buzzing about Abby dating. She has two boyfriends. NARRATOR: --some out-of-control Dance Moms-- You have to put off a tough front with these bitches. You have to be-- NARRATOR: --and smack talkin' super-fans. This is our chance to be dance moms. When Christie's in the room, she's very, like, that's right little girl, dance. NARRATOR: Plus, joining us onstage, our very own Dance Moms divas, Christie and Kelly, are here. - You two had a pretty huge blowout. - I don't know if she's 100% on my side. NARRATOR: This is Dance Moms Chatter. I never thought I'd be Team Black Patsy, but if you're calling her , Abby, I might get on board. Get up. Get on the floor. My world is with my girls living on the dance floor. Hi, I'm Jeff Collins. Welcome to Dance Moms Chatter. We've got some cast members here, we have some comedians who are also super-fans of the show. Plus, we've got fan-favorite clips that I know you're going to want to see. So, it wouldn't be Dance Moms without some Abby Lee Miller drama. So take a look at this collection of clips I put together for you. You will not get past this front desk without these being assigned. - Where's Kelly's? - Kelly called me names. Kelly quit. Kelly boo-hooed, and her kids are lazy slugs. We're trying to stand behind Brooke in her decision, and we wondered-- Well, I didn't hear any . Go. There's the door, right there. Abby, I wish it were that easy. And if that's really what you want, then we will. - That's not what I want, but-- - I didn't think that's what you wanted. - I don't either. - Dih-dih-dih-dih-dih-dih-dih-dih! - The other mom's can't-- - Your kid is a brat. I'm about this far from falling the duet. No. She needs to do the duet to prove to you that she is capable of dancing, and dancing well through pain. I know, but your mouth is ugly, woman. You are a monstrosity of evil. - You want to talk about ugliness. - You're done. You're done. No duet. What you say goes. You don't care about the kids. You don't care about anybody but yourself. That's terrible. Why would I be in this business if I didn't care about their futures? JILL: Well then why don't-- - You're the one that screwed her up. Every opportunity I have given you came from my heart. That was awful, Maddie. I don't deserve that. I didn't deserve any of it. There's always another kid. There's always somebody else. We love you. We were ready to work with you. And you sat out there... I'm sorry. Why didn't you get out of the car and go, "No, I'm going in there." Done. you, Abby. You don't need him for the competition. I told you to do it for today. All right, without conflict there wouldn't be any show. And these two lovely ladies know all about conflict. Please welcome fan-favorites dueling dance moms, Christi and Kelly. There's been a lot of crazy stuff that's happened this season. The fan sites are all buzzing, the blogs are buzzing about Abby dating. And we hear, via the fans, that she has not one boyfriend, but two boyfriends. One boyfriend in each city. No, wait a minute. What do you consider a boyfriend? - Now, this is not-- - Someone who's willing to talk to her? CHRISTI: I don't know. Is bus driver Jim considered a boyfriend? I don't know, he takes her out every Friday night. - Does he really? - Yes, he does! Every Friday night when we travel, when we arrive at our destination he takes her to the movies on the bus. There's been a lot of chatter about Abby's guy in LA. KELLY: I don't think Abby has a boyfriend in LA. I think that Abby has a friend in LA, a friend who is interested in being in the tabloids and things like that. Like, if I can make it to the papers, I'll grab your ass. ...and there's people there taking pictures, why not grab her ass? That's the way to get in the tabloids. Ew. JEFF: Wow. I don't think that actually means they're boyfriend-girlfriend. All right, so Abby's love life isn't the only shocker this season. You two had a pretty huge blowout which we talked about on the reunion show a little bit. So in case anybody in the world missed it, take a look. I don't even want to hear it, Christi, because, remember, I'm a bad friend. - You know what? You are. - When I sat here-- --the entire week you were gone, and stuck up for you. Whatever. You didn't call me because you were pissed off about something else. That shows me that you're really not a good friend. Believe me, Christi, I won't be your friend, ever. Oh, because I kiss everyone's ass to get my kid ahead. - You do! You do. - No, I don't. you, Kelly. you. Ooh. You know, I have to say, nobody says "F you" like Christi. Oh, good, thank you. Although, Kelly's pretty good at it. - I know, yours is my favorite. - Oh, thanks. . I want to know-- I want to know something. Is there any kind of residual to what it was that happened that still lingers, or is it all gone? I don't know. That's a really hard question. True friends are really hard to come by, and I thought that we had that. And I hope that we can still have that, but there's always going to be a part of me that is going to feel like I don't know if she's 100% on my side. How does that make you feel, hearing that? Well, you know, that's Kelly's perception of it. I can't say that you're wrong or you're right because perception is reality. So, you know, I guess every day we kind of just move forward and say, this is what's going on. Gaining Kelly's trust is something that you don't take lightly. I know that you don't always trust everyone. I don't. You know, I think my relationship with Christi-- we never had these problems. And then, when this happened, I think I just know where I stand with her now. All right, well, clearly you two have had some really rough times on the show. And you've put up with a lot, and you've sacrificed a lot to be on the show. So let's take a look at this clip and see what your thoughts are on the back side. I think Pappy would be really happy with your performance today. It's hard to see Kelly crying, thinking about the hard times she went through when her father had prostate cancer. And what really hit home to me is that people come and go so quickly in your life. And, you know, I love Kelly. She's like a sister. And even if you don't always like your sister, you always love your sister. I know. Awe, see? That's what the fans want. - Come on, hug it out. Hug it out. - Come here, Kelly. - Awe. - They're still best friends. Yay! Fans of the show can't seem to get enough of Dance Moms drama, and my next two guests are no exception. Please welcome two super-fans of the show, two very funny ladies, comedian and actress Lisa Arch and pop culture goddess Nadine Rajabi. Welcome. Have a seat. How are you? - Good, how are you? Before we start. - Have a seat. I just want you to know that I'm such a super-fan of the show that I always wear leg warmers. Always. At all times. Can I ask them a question? Okay, this is my burning question. Do you have time to do anything ever? CHRISTI: Other than dance? - Seriously, like your-- I'm going to tell you. I started watching the show, and my goal instantly became to never let my son be good at anything. Because I'd always spend my fricking' weekends following him to competitions! - First of all you can never hang. LISA: What-- What do you mean she couldn't hang? You couldn't hang, if her goal's not to have him be a superstar. She doesn't want him to be mediocre. You can hang with me, because my kids are mediocre. You know, as Abby always says, I settle for mediocre. There was one episode where you were crying because you were like, I just have to get home and do my laundry. - And there's Cheerios everywhere! KELLY: Yeah. So when does that happen? One thing is we have very good husbands. And, you know, we do have to hire people to take over some of our jobs. Unfortunately, Christi and I are not as fortunate as Melissa. - Who hires somebody to do-- - To do everything. Like, oh, I need somebody to brush my teeth. All right, so listen. Kelly and Christi's blow up may have registered a 9.5 on the Richter scale, but mom-on-mom rage has been a staple of Dance Moms since day one. Take a look at this. That's more important to me than her doing a dance with seniors that has known this dance all season, and Abby's throwing it on her in one night. Listen. You're yelling at me when you're mad at Abby. Don't be mad at me because she didn't learn the number. Jill, you have nothing to do with it. - So butt out. JILL: I understand that. - So shut your mouth. - My point exactly. What the does it have to do with Jill? Kelly, stop it. - You! JILL: What is wrong with you? I don't care what you have to say. Then if you don't care what I have to say-- HOLLY: I don't care what you have to say. - Then you need to be quiet. - Because this has nothing to do with you. - No one tells me what to do, Cathy. You may as well stick your hand up her butt and be her ventriloquist. Who lies all the time? You. Who had an affair with her boss? Who is living with a man who is still married? That's it. I did not have an affair with my boss. KELLY: Yes, you did! - you. I did not! bitch. - And how old are you, double chin? - Not as old as you. Who would know with all the work you've had done? - Watch your ugly mouth. - Ugly mouth. Watch it. Watch it. Everybody thinks you're a man, but-- CHRISTI: Love that little crooked finger. I don't want to look at you when I talk to you. --you can't look me in the eye and-- I'm looking you in the eye, bitch. Bitch. Let's go. Let's go. I think it's hilarious that you're "fat Christi." - I'm fat Christi. - That was not me that said that. - That was Asia. CHRISTI: Yeah. Actually, Asia called me fat Christi on the bus. - That child called you that? - Absolutely. She said, my mom's skinny Christy. - Yes. - Fat Christi. KELLY: That's why I referred to her as-- LISA: Well, it was very funny-- I prefer brazenly plump Christi, but whatever. LISA: That's nice. - You just don't have the cannons. Wait, she's kind of built like this martini glass-- tiny waist, big old boobs. Here we go. Do do do do do, I'm going to kick your ass. When Christie's in the room she's very, like, that's right little girl. Dance. - No, no. Work. Work KELLY: Oh, and she always wants. LISA: Yes, that is-- - Now, would she scare you? Would she scare you? Because some of the moms have said they're scared of her. - Which-- She scares me. LISA: I mean, she's terrifying. I think what's scary about her is that she's, like, don't get in my way. I will have your ass. She just looks like she's-- she's very put together, and, like, pristine, but she looks like-- She's a bodybuilder, you know, and she's going to kick our asses. But we're not that way. She has, on multiple occasions, said I'll take you outside. --my mouth is my weapon and I stop there. Hi. Welcome back to Dance Moms Chatter. I'm here with dance moms Christi and Kelly and super-fan comedians Nadine Rajabi and Lisa Arch, and we're dishing the dirt on Dance Moms. There have been lots of new additions to the Abby Lee Dance company in the past couple of seasons, but few have survived the hazing they've gotten from some of our veteran moms. Let's just say-- - I don't know what talking about. - Watch this. - The new moms are here. - The new moms? Okay. - Bring them in. - What? Hello. - Hello. How are you? - Hi! - Great, how are you? I love your rings. - Nice to see you. Hi! - How are you? - Good. Does anybody have a nail file? Should we get our cat claws ready? You guys sit here, and you complain and you complain. And you bitch at Abby, but you never move. Pick up and move. Maybe you will find something else. You really, really, really like to change studios. So maybe you ought to change back and go back to Studio 19 if it was so great. You know what? Maybe it is. - You played her. - That's the name. I call it like I see it. It's the truth. Y'all are all liars. You're liars, especially you. - Oh, yeah. Okay. KAYA: You are phoney as hell. - So are you. - From what I see, you're fake. Who I am is exactly who I come across as. Yeah, a bitch. That's what you are, and I know you own it. You don't know a thing, bitch. I'll be that bitch. Don't let the door hit your on the way out, then. You want to watch your mouth because I ain't the rest of these dance mamas. I'm not a doctor like Holly, boo. I'm from the hood. - Believe that. - Abby, are you gonna let this happen? - I can't-- I don't use foul language. CHRISTI: You're darn right we're bitter. KAYA: I don't know how you work with these parents. All right, she's a fan favorite of Dance Moms. Please welcome Kaya, a.k.a. Black Patsy. JEFF: Woo, here she comes. Wow. How are you? You know I loves me some Black Patsy. KAYA: You better. JEFF: Good to see you. So for those of you who've been living under a rock and don't know, how did you get the nickname Black Patsy? Well, my crazy mom thought that I act like Patsy Ramsey with Nicaya, so she started calling me Patsy. When we started our St. Louis dance studio, they kind of thought the same thing for some reason, that I was like a Patsy. So we had a white Patsy, an Italian Patsy, and I became the Black Patsy. - I wonder why they thought that? JEFF: Nadine? - I'll be Persian Patsy, then. KAYA: Persian Patsy. We get banana Patsy, and color block Patsy-- I thought I was white Patsy. I have a feeling that this one is actually the nicest. - I have a feeling-- KELLY: You're kidding me. LISA: No, I really think that, deep down inside, that you are the kindest. And that you have to put it out there that broadly because it's really not you. - She was provoked. She was provoked. CHRISTI: Oh, my God. CHRISTI: Are you saying-- - I really have to disagree. CHRISTI: Lisa, are you saying that she's sad inside? No, I don't think she's sad inside. I think she's shy inside. CHRISTI: Oh, shy. You're shy inside. - I really am. Oh, my God! Have you ever watched the show? KAYA: I am shy inside! - She's not shy! You have to put on a tough front with these bitches. You have to be tough. - I mean bitch in a nice way. - "These bitches." - I mean bitch in a nice way. KELLY: Okay, "these bitches." - I mean it in the nicest way possible. - Oh, I'm sure you do. So Patsy, I've got a question for you. So if you were able to come up with nicknames for all the other moms, have you ever thought about what would the nicknames be that you might give them? Let's start with these two. What would their nicknames be? Oh, well, let's start with us. I know I have Mild-Mannered Melissa and Holy Holly. Oh! KAYA: You would be Crazy Christi, and you are Clonazepam Kelly. - That's the anxiety med I take. - What's Clonazepam? KAYA: It's an anxiety medicine. She needs that. She's Clonazepam Kelly. 8- That sounds like a cupcake. JEFF: That's a drug. Clonazepam is a drug. So, Patsy, what would you call Jill? I don't know if I would call her. I'm done talking with Jill at this point. I'm about ready to one-to-the-nose with her, but I won't do that premeditated. - So how about Cathy? - I love Cathy. KELLY: Oh, you don't love Cathy. KAYA: She's cool, Cathy. You didn't love Cathy when you were on our team. - Now all this-- - There'll be Abby and Cool Cathy. I never thought I'd be team Black Patsy, but if you're calling her Abby, I might get on board. JEFF: All right, so listen, Patsy. You had some interesting encounters with Christi and Kelly. What do you think of the old-school dance moms? Be nice. JEFF: Old school meaning you were in new dance moms, these were the old-school dance moms. - So what do you think of these-- - Um, excuse me, young-school. They were like a gang, but they weren't willing to jump new moms in that gang, either. Normally gangs are kind of welcoming to other people. They were just like a gang. Like, they didn't want me to be part of that. So they were all crazy. JEFF: Nadine and Lisa, don't you love the way-- I love the way Patsy puts everything into, like, people are going to get jumped. Somebody's about to get shanked. - It's like-- - I didn't say "shanked." Don't make me sound like prison Patsy, okay. - I didn't say "shanked." JEFF: What do you think? - Go ahead. - Well, okay. First of all. I think you'll agree to this. I think you are very intimidating, and I think coming into this group that's been together for many years would be a little scary to walk into. Can I just defend these two ladies? I feel like-- No! Not if you're on my couch. You take your ass over there if you want to defend them. - Excuse me. - You come sit by me, girlfriend. - Bye bye. - Come on over. I feel like these ladies were like the American Indians. And then the pilgrims came, and just ran them over. - And, Patsy, it's not their fault! CHRISTI: Word to your mother! We all live in a tee-pee here. You know, everything you just said, it's clear, Kelly, you guys are intimidating. You're a clique. Whether or not you mean to be, it's hard walking in to a room where you guys are sitting. I'd be terrified. So I think, maybe, maybe shy Patsy just had her guard up a little bit when she came in. Oh, I don't know about that. I think you have to be tough to hang in there, and, so far, a year later, I'm still hanging in there. So, obviously, I made the cut. Well, you know what, Patsy? I give you a lot of credit because we are tough bitches. - You are some tough bitches! CHRISTI: Welcome to the club! You guys are from the hood, too, aren't you? Tough bitches. Let's hear it for some tough bitches. I'm here with dance moms Kelly, Christi, and Kaya, and we've got some super-fans who also happen to be incredible comedians, Nadine Rajabi and Lisa Arch. All right, so, Lisa and Nadine, you guys claim to be super-fans of the show. So let's put your Dance Moms knowledge to the test. It's time to play the $10 Pyramid, that's right, I said $10 because that's how we roll here at Dance Moms. Are you guys ready to play? - I think so. - Yes! All right. Here's what we're going to do. I'm going to flip a square. Emily's going to help me here. JEFF: How about a hand for Emily? You have a model to do this-- I have, not only a model, I have a supermodel here. - What kind of BS is that? - I have a super here, this is Emily-- CHRISTI: She's doing it for the exposure. - All right, fine. Fine. All right. So here's what we're gonna do. I'm gonna flip a square. I'm gonna ask a question, and the first one of you to chime in and get the answer right-- CHRISTI: Are we allowed to play? Okay. JEFF: --wins $10. JEFF: So this is a game for Nadine and Lisa, right? - Oh, we can't play? - We're not allowed to play? - You already know the answers-- - You guys, just drink. Just drink. - Take it as an opportunity to drink. - This is our chance to be dance moms. All right, so here's the first one. All right, which of these sea creatures did the dance moms say Abby looked like? Was it Fudgie the Whale, The Little Mermaid, Free Willy, or Shamu? Well, I know that it's not The Little Mermaid, clearly. And she might be Fudgie the Whale, but I don't think she is. And she's not Free Willy because she's always stuck in the dance studio. - But she's still a mammal, so she's Shamu. - Whoo! JEFF: The answer is Shamu. Ten dollars. Did you see her? In that all black, and she had four-inch white stripe down the bottom of her. Now, how could you not call her Shamu? JEFF: Second question-- - Can she swim? Cathy would slit her wrists if Vivi did what instead of dance? I know this answer, talk. CHRISTI: No. - No, is it baseball? - Play baseball? - Close! Close, the girl version. - Softball! - Softball. LISA: Let the model do it, Jeff. That's what she's there for. Which historical figure has not been the subject of an Abby Lee Dance Company number. Rosa Parks, Eva Peron, or Helen Keller? So we know that Rosa Parks was the big one. NADINE RAJABI: Is it Eva Peron? - I'll go with Nadine. JEFF: And the answer is Eva Peron. You're correct. All right, so Abby said, "gimmicks are great, the judges are looking for," blank. Technique! Always technique. - I had the answer. - I was going to say the same. That's what I was going to say. JEFF: All right, here we go. Let's do another one. What was Christi afraid Black Patsy would pull out? Was it her thong, her teeth, or her weave? I would think that Christi would be afraid that Black Patsy would pull out another $100,000 contract. Amen! LISA: I'm going to go with her weave, clearly. JEFF: Her weave? - And I am not wearing a weave today. - I am au naturel. Girl. NADINE RAJABI: Girl. And the answer is her weave. Let me just say that it's not "naturel," it's bleach. - Well, of course it's bleach. JEFF: Last question. All right, according to the other dance moms, where did Jill get her blue fur vest? - Cookie monster? KELLY: Yes! There is a naked Muppet running around somewhere. KELLY: She skinned a puppet. CHRISTI: That poor, little, naked Muppet. JEFF: All right. Thank you for playing. So I have a question. Where's our money? - The check is in the mail. - Check is the mail. KELLY: Jeff always says that. JEFF: All right, listen. One of the things that fans love to post about are your looks. They seem to be obsessed with your hair, with your clothes, with your jewelry, with your shoes. So who would you two say is the most looks-obsessed of all the dance moms? Who is it? - CHRISTI: Jill. - Absolutely Jill. JEFF: Oh, that was an easy one, huh? - Absolutely. Who puts lip gloss on to get off the bus at 5:00 PM on a Sunday? Was she always like that, even before there were cameras? JEFF: Let's do this. We put together a series of clips of Jill's fashion faux pas so let's take a look at this, and then, when we come out on the other side, Lisa and Nadine, you guys tell us what you think. I feel like one of her outfits-- like, Tony the Tiger, I'm convinced, died for one of her sweaters. Yeah. Oh, the one with the blue eyes. My favorite is cowboy Jill. - Oh, mine too. JEFF: Cowboy Jill. - You can't take her seriously-- JEFF: The cowboy hat? You cannot take her seriously with the cowboy hat. In interviews, too. That's the best part. She's in full character. Where she finds the , I don't know. For me, there's nothing better than a turtleneck with a full a necklace of crystals. It's like she raided Elizabeth Taylor's closet after she died, and, like, put everything on all at once. What's that old thing they used to say? Look in the mirror and take one thing off? With Jill, it should be look in the mirror and take everything off. No, Jill looks in the mirror and puts three things on. Abby herself has undergone some changes over the last seasons-- CHRISTI: Oh, ho ho! JEFF: --I would say. Isn't that fair? - Oh, fair. - So let's check out some of Abby's looks. - Take a look. - Oh, god. I'm not going to be nice. Oh! So, ladies, what do you think about that look? She looks like Rosie O'Donnell's stepsister. - Let's see the next one. - I mean, that's clearly-- I need a little lipstick. I've got to floof up the hair, no more headbands. So that's just her evolving. Let's take a look at the next one. Here we go. - Whoa! CHRISTI: Oh, oh. Okay, so now, that is the full evolution. That is, I have now become, oh. I'm wearing the fur-- hopefully it's faux fur. LISA: She's got the sunglasses. She's got the lips. She's got the bag. Full evolution. It's very, sort of, John Belushi playing Elizabeth Taylor, isn't it? NADINE RAJABI: It is. It is. LISA: A little bit. We're here with dance moms Christi, Kelly, Kaya, plus super-fan comedians Lisa Arch and Nadine Rajabi. I love to say your name. That's so much fun. All right. It seems like the competition has really been heating up this season. Let's take a look at the meltdown moments. Good job! Oh. Just so you know, Abby's going to come in here. It's going to be awful. Nice job, Chloe. Huh! - Nice job. - Let's go. We're leaving. You want Chloe gone? We're gone. You get your way. You can have whoever you-- I look about three months pregnant there. - No, she didn't. - And then drops her hat. Yes, she did. - No, she didn't. You know what-- - Yes, she did. You go ahead and replace me. I'm leaving. I'm not going to make a scene with you. ABBY: Oh, that's the easy way out, right? - No. I'm done. I'm done. This is not what I signed up for, humiliation for my daughter. I didn't humiliate her! She humiliated herself when she fell out of the turn. Shut up. Shut up. Stop talking now. Replace us. That's fine. Come on, Chlo. We're done. - She was completely confident. - Yeah. And she wanted to prove to her dance teacher that she was strong enough to stand up to somebody. - And she did. She was great. - Yeah. Okay. Do you want your kid just to be another pretty face, Kelly? Don't you want her to have some guts? She stands up to you every week. Every day, when you scream at her, she stands up to you. Miss Cathy had a bunch of kids that don't even take from you anymore. - That's ridiculous. - You never produced anything. Anything! You make an ass of yourself, and they know it just as well as everybody else. - Well, I sleep at night. - I do, too. You think I lose sleep over you? Do you think I've given up my whole life and all the organizations that I belong to to deal with that piece of crap? No. She is dirt under my feet. She hit me. There's no going back. The minute she struck me, she left the room. She doesn't even walk in my circle. She does not live in my world. Chloe is a product of you. She's been at your studios since she was two. - She's lazy. Fix it! - And why don't you say do this? - This is how you fix it. - She doesn't! I'm not a dance teacher. You tell me every day. Chloe is your student. You are a plagiarist because that little girl is somebody else's student. - You just put your name on her back. - You're ridiculous. Chloe was awful today. Ooh. We got some mama drama going on. That's hard to watch. I mean, it's hard. But here's the thing. I feel like Abby just gets off on doing this. And then she'll say, you know what, because you guys up, sorry, I'm going to pull your daughter. And I don't think it's fair. Oh, really? You see that? Because that's what I see. - It's like she spent people-- - Do you see what I see? Okay, but wait. I'm going to throw a little wrench into this. - Oh, stop with your wrenches. - No, because, Christi, listen. The one where you were upset, you said, "Oh well, Abby. Go ahead and replace me." And I thought, wait a minute, replace you? Wouldn't it be your daughter she's replacing? - Well, yes. Yes. - Absolutely. However, we go together. I mean, Abby will be the first to say that she looks at the child, and she looks at the mom. And she likes a mom who can either make a costume or pay someone who will make a costume. So we're clearly a team. So you guys always have to be on your best behavior-- or your daughters get punished. But I've been trying, this season, to behave myself. - And my kids still-- - Have you? Yeah, I absolutely have been. I have been. I haven't been fighting with Abby is what I should say. So did you guys have a favorite moment when you saw those clips? - Just now? - Oh, they're all lovely. You know, look. Honestly, when I'm at home watching the show and there is the moment of, you know, Christi packing her stuff, and "We are out of here," and all of those moments of people constantly leaving-- I want a montage of just the goodbyes. Just, you know, there they are, everybody's leaving, and then they've come back. - I'm done! LISA: And now they're all leaving again. - That's what we say-- I kinda like that. - I'm done! Those are my favorite moments. I love Christi in a skin-tight dress and 6 inch heels on her knees, like, packing the bag. So does my husband, Jeff. So does my husband. And then they come back, and then they'll go, "Oh, no, why is my daughter suspended?" It's cause you guys quit, and then you're back again. But then, like it's shocking. It's like-- sorry, I know, I was team Christie-- but, like-- NADINE RAJABI: I'm just saying-- Sorry. - Nadine, you traitor. I do have to say, though, there is a lot of mom crying. There's not a lot more mom drama and mom crying on the show than there is the kids. - The kids are great. - That's the part that I find interesting. Now, you, I don't know if I've ever seen shed a tear. - Oh, I'm a mess. - Have you? - I've cried a couple times. LISA: But the girls do not. Now, I cry when wonderful things happen to Chloe. I'm like, . LISA: Right. You're a happy crier. Speaking of kids, Abby gave Chloe and Maddie the same choreography for a solo this season. Why do you think she did that, Christi? To shut me up because I kept saying, put them on a level playing field. I did. I said, put them on a level playing field, and let's see where the chips fall. JEFF: Let's see how that number turned out. Take a look at this clip. ANNOUNCER: Coming up now is entry number 19 in the junior solo division. Here's Chloe with "You Can." [MUSIC - WIZARD OF OZ, "YOU CAN BE ANYTHING"] It takes a moment to break a butterfly. On the way up, that's when you hear an angel cry. Voices inside me I still hear them say, you can be anything, anything, anything you dreamed of, anything you dreamed of. ANNOUNCER: Up next is entry number 20 in the junior solo division. Here's Maddie with "Be Anything." [MUSIC - WIZARD OF OZ, "YOU CAN BE ANYTHING"] It takes a moment to break a butterfly. On the way up, that's when you hear an angel cry. Voices inside me I still hear them say, you can be anything, anything, anything you dreamed of, anything you dreamed of. - So what was the outcome? - Chloe won in the awards. And Abby was sitting in the audience, and she said, no, Maddie won. And she went to the judges, and she argued the point. And she came back in, and-- what was it, 80 numbers that day? And they misjudged one, and it just happened to be Chloe's. This is Dance Moms Chatter, and I've got dance moms Christi, Kelly, and Kaya, and comedians Nadine Rajabi and Lisa Arch talking all things Dance Moms. All right, there may be no crying in baseball, but there certainly are some tears in television. And it wouldn't be an episode of Dance Moms without some waterworks. Take a look at this. Okay, stop crying. It's making it worse. - I want to go home. - What do you mean? - You never leave the dance, Mad. - No, my stomach just started to hurt. - I don't know why. - You never miss dance. But we know you're a good friend, and those who know you-- Just please stop, okay. Brooke, what's going on with your mom? HOLLY: She's hyperventilating. - Bad. Come here. Just come with me. Kelly, you're making me really scared. - You're getting really-- HOLLY: Okay, Kelly Kelly. Please, just take some deep breaths. That's all. I'm done. She walked right into the curling iron. Oh, sweetie. I'm going to ask you just to do for me-- just an apology. Take him, and then we'll work it out. I know that you guys don't understand what Jalen does at his level. - But he's very good at what he does. - I know he is. And he's working his ass off, and you got some kid that comes in here that you're praising that ain't putting in half the effort he does. - He's got a point, guys. - That's BS. - I should just go home. - Okay, but, honey, but don't cry. - Why are you crying? - I don't want to let her down. Awe, honey, I know you don't. But you're not letting Miss Abby down. It will let her down if you hurt it worse, and she understands that. You can't humiliate her over, and over, and over. - I know. I know. - What is wrong with me? You'll be okay. It's okay. Don't be sad. You looked beautiful for what you did do. She reveled in doing that to an 11-year-old. - She did it-- she did it to my-- HOLLY: Your baby. What are we doing to our kids? You were so cute. You never hurt anybody. She made everybody smile. - Come on, big mama. We got-- - Come on. - I don't want to go in crying. - Seriously. Come on. Kids should cry when their arm is broken and it's hanging off, or somebody died. That's it. - Oh. JEFF: This is my favorite. Sometimes people just cross the line. Cathy crossed the line. It's been a rough day, and I've had enough. I can't. I just can't. JEFF: --she's trying to breathe through it. It's like Lamaze. You're-- you're-- Sit. - Everyone's like, here-- - I know, my God. Your blood pressure. I've never seen Abby like this. I think losing to Cathy really got to her. CHRISTI: Yes, I think so, too. - It was losing. - It wasn't the hitting by the purse. - She's going to have a heart attack. I got in a fight with a man earlier who was belligerent. Now I come in Cathy she brings three men into the dressing room, which I don't appreciate. And then she whacks me with a purse. Then I came in my dressing room, and got in a fight with my own student and her mother, Holly. What goes around, comes around. And karma's there when you need it. So it's been a long day. I was in the wrong. I know that. I've had it. I've had it. I've finished. - Put on your Sasquatch cloak. - Let me put on my cape. It's a cloak. JEFF: Whoa! - It's a damn curtain. LISA: It was a curtain. Wait, I think Christi's got something to say. Jeff, I was belligerent. - I was beat by a little purse. - By a man. And then I called my mom. Could you imagine her poor mother on the other end of the phone? How many times has she's said, save your tears for your pillow to our seven-year-olds. And she's, like, 150, like, my mom. - My mom. KELLY: I'm calling my mom. CHRISTI: Mom! there's a boy, and he made me cry. Abby, when she cries-- I don't know if it's real tears, but it's a little bit like she has to think about it, and then it's like, dead puppies, dead puppies, dead puppies. Oh, that was so wrong. Watching Cathy cry truly is like watching the Wicked Witch cry. You think she's going to melt? Everyone else I believe has some sort of like feeling going on, but watching Cathy cry is seriously, like, I'll get you my pretty. Why is Cathy a-- why is Cathy a-- Why is Cathy a witch and Abby's not a witch? Because anybody who wears a golden retriever as a coat is a witch. Which of the girls is the biggest crybaby? - I think that's-- - Oh. I don't know if that's a fair question, but-- - Well, I think it depends on the week. JEFF: Any of the children, though. Do any of the kids use crying as a way-- Who throws their kids under the bus? I don't. - I'm going to say none. JEFF: None of the girls. Oh, Kaya raised her hand. LISA: Kaya wants to throw somebody under the bus. JEFF: Who's a crybaby? If you say Chloe, I'm pulling out your weave. You got one more weave threat today, okay. I don't play about my weave. - I do not play about my weave. - --Chloe, I'm pulling out your weave. I think Chloe cries a little too much, and I think Paige cries, too. - Paige! Really? KAYA: Yeah. I change my answer, it is Kendall. She's the crybaby. Don't tell her mom I said that. She's a crybaby. I would cry, too, if my mom dressed like that, I mean-- Can I get an amen? - So what do you girls think? - I'm going to go with Kendall. Look, I would say that I think Maddie cries. I remember Maddie crying more, but I think because when Maddie cries it's very dramatic. They're are the tears of a real dancer. - Dead puppies. - So, I think-- yes. - Dead puppies. JEFF: Those are tears from the theater. Yes, they're theater tears! That's what it is. So when Maddie cries, it just sticks in my brain. Well I'm going to ask our guests. I'm playing the role of Dr. Phil today. Oh, Dr. Phil. KELLY: Why don't we just call you Dr. Collins? - Do you just want to give us an exam? JEFF: As you know-- JEFF: As you know, so many lessons, so many lessons are learned from watching Dance Moms. Can you ladies wrap it up please, and tell us what lessons you've learned that you've applied to your own live? Well, after that last conversation-- gosh. I have learned that there is no more dramatic exit than to say, "That's it. I'm done." LISA: That's the most important lesson. - Amen. LISA: Thank you. Thank you. - Amen. You're done. And how about you? What life lessons have you learned that you're applying to your own life that are making you a better person? I've learned that no matter what you wear, and no matter what anybody says about you, you can still keep dressing terribly day after day. Hey! - Kaya, what have you learned? - Not a damn thing. I haven't. I've learned how to argue more with-- with other women. I haven't learned a thing. You are welcome. What is Chloe learning from all this? What do you think she'll take away from it? I think Chloe, as well as, I think Paige is in the same boat as Chloe-- I think that they are learning that no one's going to hold them down. I do. No one has told them that they can do it, they've all been told that they're not good enough. And something my dad has always told me, that something that is benefiting my girl is that-- --you're never going to win everything. KELLY: There's always somebody better out there. And, you know what, you're going out there and you're learning how to be a good loser. I believe that those kids are the ones who will end up being the most successful. I believe that the kids, when they're really young and they're told you're brilliant, you're beautiful, you're always winning. I really do believe it's the underdog that, in the end-- - Absolutely. JEFF: So you were making that point. - Absolutely. - It's easy to win. It's hard to lose and persevere. And I always say that to Melissa. I always say, you know what, Maddie's always used to winning, what happens when she loses? You know, how is she going to handle that? Or, what happens when she just gets bored? Exactly. You know-- I mean, Paige is used to not winning. And she's fine with that, and she's happy for her friends winning. And I don't know that Maddie can handle her friends winning and her losing. I don't know that Maddie can handle that. All right, well, that's about all we have time for. I want to say a big thank you to our dance moms Christi and Kelly, Kaya. To our comedians, Nadine and Lisa, thank you so much. You guys have been fantastic. I'm Jeff Collins. And this has been Dance Moms Chatter. Join us next time for more dirt, more dish, and much more drama, and that will be Dance Moms style. NARRATOR: Next time-- There's a rumor that you and the bus driver are doing it. I'm the boss, and that's all there is to it. I think Holly probably has the biggest butt. We see each other a lot, you know, naked. Who do you think dresses the worst on the show? Kelly. How do you manage to teach an entire class without ever moving? I believe that every child should dance. Melissa needed to be taught a lesson. You are unmovable. I went right to the police station.
